Yes, I'll talk just generally about the shopping center portfolio and the leasing activity. It was predominantly small shop-based within the shopping center for an aggregate, during the quarter, of approximately 9,000 feet. That was really scattered throughout the remainder of the shopping center portfolio.
In terms of rent growth, we're looking at nominal rent growth, nothing overly significantly material that will impact the bottom line. But most importantly, we're continuing to see small tenant space, the demand for small tenant space, continue to increase.

In terms of the shopping center assets, what we've always talked about -- we'll continue to both monetize existing assets potentially in the portfolio. The LOI for the outlot at our Frankfort, Kentucky, Capital Plaza Shopping Center is emblematic of those opportunities which we think we can harvest from the existing portfolio.
Our goal, over the long term, is to continue to focus on that lease, dispose of non-core assets. And again, over the long term, shopping centers will all be deemed non-core.

Wilkes, this is Joey. I think when you look at the recent balance sheet activity and the increased capacity of the revolver, plus the increased size of the accordion, it gives us the opportunity to execute on larger price point transactions. It gives us really the ability to execute from a perspective where we can execute on multiple transactions on a simultaneous basis, which frankly, the $85 million previous revolver really didn't enable us in that regard.

I would say we are finding opportunities to execute on, that we find attractively priced. I wouldn't want to speak to the broader market, thinking that there is a cap rate, the cap rate compression or the cap rate stabilized, [or] the cap rate environment that we've seen has let up.
But I'll tell you, similar to the Taco Bell sale-leaseback for the $19 million there, we're seeing larger price point opportunities across multiple different sectors that we're both looking at and frankly, have in our pipeline. So I think the $85 million revolver just didn't comport with our ability long term to execute, continue to scale and diversify the portfolio there.

That's okay.

About $1.75 million total cost.

And that is predominantly the acquisition of the existing building.

That's an interesting project and it's almost a hybrid between a development and an acquisition. We've actually called it a redevelopment. So we're acquiring a former restaurant there and Buffalo Wild Wings is actually doing all the work. But it's fair to assume that that has fallen within our typical band of, call it, 8% to 9% on a straight line, as well as a cash basis.

Yes.

We think Buffalo Wild Wings is a fantastic flag and a great operator. Their same-store sales continue to be at the top of the industry. So we are continuing to work with Buffalo Wild Wings on both the corporate as well as the franchise level on new stores, both the acquisitions and development, frankly. And hopefully, we can get some other opportunities across the goal line with them.

On an asset-specific basis, we think there's an opportunity to redevelop Ferris Commons. And we've been working on those redevelopment plans for upwards of 12 to 18 months.

So there, we anticipate potentially being able to create some upside or additional outlots that could be created there as well as redevelopment of the Kmart box.
Specific to Petoskey Town Center, that asset, after we executed the lease with Hobby Lobby, that asset has been previously marketed for sale. And we anticipate disposing of that asset by the end of this year here in 2014. And frankly, we're close to entering into an agreement for that disposition.
Chippewa Commons, we're still evaluating. We'll look at the opportunities there in the market. We've been evaluating it for some time. If we don't see the opportunity to retenant or redevelop that parcel, we could potentially look to dispose of that by the end of 2015 -- or end of 2014 -- sorry -- or early 2015 as well.

Great, thank you. Well, that about wraps it up. Again, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Thank you.

Good morning, RJ. How are you doing?

Sure. It was back in 2012, the vacant grocer provided an opportunity for us to backfill that box which was approximately 50,000 square feet. Upon executing the lease for Hobby Lobby, doing some minor TI work and Hobby Lobby opening for business, we thought it provided the opportune time, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, to market the asset for disposition. And that's exactly what we did, transacting on it subsequent to the quarter close.

Pretty minimal for -- on the TI end, it involved some miscellaneous roof repairs and some HVAC units. It was essentially an as-is deal for Hobby Lobby. They put their own capital in the store and executed a new ten year lease which really provided the opportune time to monetize and redeploy into the net lease portfolio.

That's a great question. We look at diversification as most net lease, most net lease operators, we really look at diversification in three ways. First and most importantly, by tenant, second, by sector where we've of course been focused on really ecommerce resistant and recession resistant tenants, and then third, geographically.
As I mentioned in the call, today from a geographic perspective, we've made some significant inroads. We diversified away from our home state of Michigan and Michigan now represents less than 30% of the total ABR for the portfolio. And today we're really broadly represented from across the continental United States. So, we're pleased to add Colorado to the map. I'd tell you that geographic location itself is not a driver for us. That said, we're cognizant of continuing to diversify the portfolio and we're looking at a number of assets spread really throughout the continental United States.

Another good question. It really varies by sector and by tenant. So, we've seen some significant slow downs in terms of obviously big box home improvement retailers, pharmacy retailers have slowed down post-recession. Obviously during and post-recession. But at the same time, auto, auto service, and tire stores have ramped up development. We've seen wholesale clubs ramping up development. Restaurant operators, both really focused in the quick service sector. As well as Buffalo Wild Wings is a good example of a casual dining operator.
So, it varies pretty dramatically across sectors. We've seen some exponential growth in terms of Dollar Stores obviously. We're really focused on working with both the existing tenants in our portfolio such as Buffalo Wild Wings and McDonald's but also new tenants that have significant plans for geographic expansion as well as relocation of older profitable locations.
Another, obviously another sector that's expanding pretty rigorously throughout the country is the gas and C-store obviously with our relationship with Wawa but you can look at a number of those regional operators which continue to expand pretty aggressively rolling out larger store formats in 4,000 to 5,000 square feet with multiple fuel centers.

That's a very good question. I think it depends on a multitude of factors. And I think most importantly our capabilities and the diverse capabilities and really the ability to cross those capabilities across acquisition development as well as joint venture provides us a number of unique opportunities such as the Burlington JVCS project, the New Lenox JVCS project where we can bring skills and experience to the table to unique types of structures.
That said, we have a number of relationships that we're working on in the development arena, obviously nothing that we've announced to date, nothing that shows up in CIP, or frankly that even -- some don't even have leases signed to date. But we're working with a number of retailers on an organic development basis which has expressed interest in some pretty significant growth. Now, whether those opportunities materialize is another thing. We don't fully control that. There's entitlement hurdles, there are obviously macro economic conditions which can change retailers' priorities.
To look at it today I think is premature. I think we'll see throughout the course of the remainder of '14 and then throughout the course of '15 how some of those relationships play out. We're very excited about them. Some are smaller opportunities on a dollars per asset. Some of them are larger opportunities. But we're really focused on converting those going into 2015 and hopefully having some announcements that will bring some new tenants and some existing tenants back into the fold.

Thanks, RJ.

Good morning, Craig.

I think first we aren't traditional buyers in the sense that we're out there in an auction-like environment putting bids forward. I think to think of our acquisition platform in that context, do we have competing offers for properties at times? Sure. But we're really focused on sourcing through relationships with brokers, direct to developers, general contractors, and a number of different avenues, opportunities that are pretty unique.
I think the volume in the quarter was obviously driven by the Taco Bell sale-lease back with Charter Foods North. That was almost $20 million. That was a historical opportunity. We've been tracking in conjunction with a franchise finance advisor and working with the franchisee for frankly upwards of three quarters, that transaction really manifested itself with a different purchaser later in the game, a different purchaser on the operator side and our participation in the sale-lease back really came to fruition because of our knowledge of the asset as well as some intricacies with the transaction. I think that was approximately 50% of the volume.
I would tell you that the remainder of the volume was one-off opportunistic transactions that we were able to source during the quarter. The Giant Eagle in Ligonier, the Bridgestone in Columbus, Giant Gas, Golden Corral, relationship transactions we participated with another acquirer. And then the 24 Hour Fitness was a transaction that was sourced really in the first quarter and had to go through the debt assumption process, the JVCS assumption process and was able to close in the third quarter.
So, I think the volume isn't related directly, really isn't related to any change other from external or internal conditions. But just transactions materializing and frankly the growth of our platform and the growth of our pipeline which continues really to engender itself to the investment sale community, the development community, and as we saw with the Taco Bell, the franchise restaurateur.

No. I think the investment sale community isn't attuned to the ten year dropping or frankly raising that quickly. I think it takes time for interest rate fluctuations to really roll through to cap rates. How much time is left for debate but I don't think the volatility in the ten year directly affected pricing. I think in terms of our metrics for the quarter, we were right where we anticipated to be and we were operating frankly to plan.

Thank you.

Good morning, Dan.

That's correct. That 8.21% is a GAAP cap rate. On a year one basis you can think of these as mid- to high 7s.

That's okay. There's a few different ways to look at that. Kmart had lease liability extending through November of next year. We look at that as frankly on a semi-stabilized basis, in the mid-teens.

That's a great question. Our general rule of thumb is 75 basis points inside a turnkey lease. And that's pretty broad. Now when you get into some of the lower price points, typically sub-$2 million ground leases, a number which we have in here, the JPMorgan-Chase ground leases, the PNC ground leases, the McDonald's ground leases, some of the Wawa ground leases, those can be even further -- frankly inside of that -- outside I would say of that 75 basis points, greater than 75 basis points, inside of those turnkey transactions.
I think in general our ground lease portfolio as you mentioned and as we disclosed this quarter, you're talking about assets that are 90% investment grade, almost 15 years of weighted average term remaining, typically those assets have anywhere from 5% to 10% bump every five years. So, there's a significant GAAP step up to the cap rate anywhere from 50 to 125 basis points.
If you marked those assets to market today, those are 5 cap assets. We don't spend a ton of time marking them to market but there is a significant and serious appetite out there for 1031 buyers, for private investors that want to part capital. And frankly, it's investors that like to see their tenant shoulder to shoulder in terms of the investment.
I think another thing that really differentiates this ground lease portfolio as well is a number of these opportunities not only did we not -- not only did the tenant deploy the capital to construct the building, they also constructed their own site improvements. So, what you see is a lot of times tenants with a significantly lower cost of capital than we do or frankly any REITs do. JPMorgan-Chase, McDonald's, Walmart, PNC, really leveraging our real estate expertise all the way from the site selection to entitlement and permitting expertise, we will then take down the land and potentially demolish any existing structures and then turn over the project to those retailers.
So, their capital contribution to the project inclusive of both site improvement as well as vertical construction often exceeds ours and the East Palatka McDonald's is a perfect example of that. That was a multi-parcel assemblage, off flight detention, entitlement work that was I'll call it semi-difficult to procure. After that we really turned that project over to McDonald's and they constructed their own building, put in their own improvements, and their investment exceeds ours there.
So, you see a number of investors obviously who are attracted to that type of lease structure, also attracted to the amount of the investment that the retailer has in there.

Thanks, Dan.

Thank you very much. That about wraps it up. Again, I'd like to thank everyone for joining us. We look forward to speaking with you when we report fourth quarter and full year 2014 next year. Thank you.

Good morning.

(Inaudible -- technical difficulties) Yes, we have -- (inaudible) deploy capital regularly, periodically whether its a [making] an acquisition, or just as we get some (inaudible) in the portfolio, we will release that. But yes, that's just the difference about what we've (inaudible) 2015 to date.

(Inaudible) It's a great question. Obviously, we've seen the platform continue to scale and gain traction in the marketplace, and really gain (inaudible), and at the same time with the (inaudible) been material with the addition of [Dan Lovett] at (inaudible). I would tell you that the growth (inaudible) thus far (inaudible).

Yes, Collin, it's a good question. We've been consistent in saying that geographic diversity is really the third leg of the stool for us. We've been most focused on tenant and sector, and then geography continues to be the third.
The majority of our Michigan portfolio is Walgreens that we've developed within the state of Michigan. So I doubt you will continue to see that number come down naturally, as we increase the size of the portfolio, and as well as we make some selected dispositions.
In terms of a target, I think in the medium-term, getting that down to approximately 15% is probably a good number. I tell you that could swing up or down, dependent upon opportunities both on the acquisition and disposition front.

Sure. I think we will look in 2015 [to potentially] dispose of additional shopping centers, if the opportunity presents itself. At the same time, we will look at the net lease portfolio, and see if there are any opportunities, either based upon cap rates, four wall performance, credit concerns, concentration.
As the portfolio expands and grows, we obviously have more opportunities to divest of that. And we are -- we consider ourselves to be active asset managers. Every day that we hold an asset, frankly, is another day we choose not to sell it.
So as we progress through 2015, we will consistently be looking at the shopping center portfolio. As we mentioned in the press release, we now have essentially two outlots that we have been able to create, both for industry leading operators within their respective sectors in the shopping center portfolio. One is at a signed LOI, one is at a signed lease.
So, we are constantly looking at that portfolio, which today, frankly is quite small for opportunities. So I think we will have some news as 2015 progresses. We're looking forward to wrapping up these two opportunities that we've been able to harvest internally, and then, potentially look to source some additional divestment's.

I think it is fair to say, we've been consistent that our goal, as we have really cut the shopping center portfolio down now to six assets, is over the course of the last four years, as we have been [seeing] particularly from the bottom. Assets where we didn't see opportunities either to create value, or either through re-tenanting development or outlot creation. Or even extension of leases which we have undertaken, which we undertook three in 2014 on Kmart-anchored assets.
So I think the cap rates that we've divesting, of that Brian spoke to, in the mid-teens, and then redeploying at round numbers at an 8% cap, we're not going to see that negative -- really that negative dilutive effect on the redeployment. We think these shopping centers are of much higher quality than the shopping centers that we've divested of
Again, some of these assets are near-term priorities to dispose of. Other ones, we think there is a business motivation, or a rationale to continue to hold them, and potentially improve NOI.

Sure. I think competition remains robust, really across the board in the net lease space. And the majority of the competition we see isn't from our publicly-traded peers, that analysts such as yourself on this call are covering.
There are $1,031. There is the nebulous foreign capital that is chasing these assets. There's private investors and private funds (inaudible) so competition remains pretty [fierce] in this space. I think most importantly, it's a massive space.
We are working on opportunities that we either source off market through relationships or through different avenues. And the amount of volume that we do in context to the aggregate volume that gets transacted on an annual basis, is just a fraction.
So our job and our MO, is really to maintain our entrepreneurial spirit here, and to source, and uncover opportunities that aren't widely marketed through brokerage networks, or are widely marketed throughout REIT-dom, net lease REIT-dom.
Net lease assets in general, we see a bifurcation. Investment grade assets are trading in the 5%s to low 6%s. Obviously, that is dependent upon a number of factors, most importantly term.
Then, non -- sub investment grade or unrated assets are trading in the 7%s, up to maybe a low 8%. And again, our job is to find opportunities within that -- both realms there, investment grade as well as unrated or sub investment grade. And we were highly successful in doing so in 2014, and our pipeline continues to grow for 2015.

All very good questions. So that is a lease with the franchisee, right? That is not a Burger King lease, I'd tell you that, which is obviously common in the franchise restaurant space.
I'd tell you that, we are working with all of the tenants that we have transacted within 2014 or previously, always looking to grow those relationships and create new opportunities, both on the acquisition front as well as the development front. You want to give any more specifics on the lease front?

Hi, Craig. How are you doing?

Yes, it's really timing, Craig, on a lot of these. Don't forget we get reimbursed from our tenants for real estate taxes 100%, and it varies in terms of some [mentality] of how these tenants pay. Some tenants will pay us back upon receipt. We pay the bill and they reimburse us immediately.
Other guys pay estimates throughout the year, and then we reconcile at the end of the year. Then you also have some nuances when we acquire properties depending on when taxes are due, in terms of how those get paid upon close, and subsequently reimbursed. So I think the annual numbers on real estate taxes are really where you want to look, and wouldn't extract too much on a run rate basis from any single quarter

Yes, sure. Let's take a couple of minutes to run through them. So Lakeland Plaza on Lakeland, Florida where Best Buy just extended, is a Best Buy, [Bells] and JoAnn anchored center. We really see that as an institutional quality B market asset. No Kmart anchor at that center.
Two Kmart anchored centers, where Kmart is really paying just north of a couple of dollars a square foot in Capital Plaza in Frankfort, Kentucky, where we have executed the ground lease with a industry-leading fast food operator, as well as Mount Pleasant, Michigan, which is directly across from university in the primary retail trade area.
Marshal Plaza, here in Michigan, where it is a very high-performing Kmart store, where Kmart just recently in 2014 extended that lease. That store is doing well north of $10 million on an annual basis in sales.
Ferris Commons in Big Rapids, that is the last store that we previously announced that Kmart would be vacating, again, that is an university town, primary retail corridor. Kmart's lease expires towards the middle of this year, this summer. And we see the potential opportunity, either to redevelop that space or dispose of the asset, and we have LOIs from a couple of national retailers to take a portion of the Kmart box.
That is really the rundown on the remaining six shopping centers in the portfolio there. So like I said, our strategy was to divest from the bottom over the course of the last few years. And what we have left, we are very comfortable with either the store performance, the underlying real estate, or the residual values to those boxes.

So the project in Kentucky that you are referencing, is the outlot that we recently carved out, which I just mentioned, out in front of the Kmart at Capital Plaza in Frankfort. And I think that is probably the most important testament to the underlying real estate, both there at Capital Plaza in Frankfort, as well as Lakeland Plaza in Lakeland, Florida.
Creating those outlots, adding the fast food retailer that we are adding in Capital Plaza, and then adding the coffee retailer that we have executed an LOI, and Lakeland, is really a testament to the underlying real estate, the retail synergy as well as the traffic counts.
So the project you are referencing, is that fast food operator. It's about a $500,000 total cost. It is an as-is ground lease, 20 year term. And as I mentioned previously, that ground lease is paying nearly 50% of the NOI that Kmart is paying on the 85,000 square foot box in the rear.

Thanks, Craig.

Good mornings, Wilkes.

Right. That is a great question, Wilkes. Obviously, we talked earlier about the scale and the growth of our acquisition platform. And given our pipeline, and given really the improvements in terms of processes and systems that we have undertaken, the people that we have added, we feel like we are operating at a very high level right now.
Given our pipeline, the traction that we are seeing in the marketplace, we are looking to build upon last year. And I'm pretty comfortable, absent any unforeseen circumstances, that we are going to be able to close on close to $1 million this year (inaudible) [in 2014].

Thanks, Wilkes.

Great, thank you. That about wraps it up, everyone. Again I would like to thank everyone for joining us, and we look forward to speaking to you, when we report first-quarter first quarter results. Thank you.

I think nothing lumpy in the first quarter. We had a couple of larger price point transactions and then we saw a couple of transactions that were anticipated closing in Q4 of 2014 kind of roll over into 2015. So, I'd tell you, nothing that would is out of the normal course in terms of our typical aggregation.

We see an ability to maintain similar cap rates. We think the first quarter of this year was emblematic of 2014 in terms of our close transactions and we see that carrying forward at least into Q2 and Q3. I couldn't tell you we had full visibility into Q4 yet.

That's a great question. I think the three additional projects that we're getting close to announce are similar development and joint venture activity as we've been undertaking for the past few years. We'd love to continue to ramp our development as well as the joint venture platform up. It's going to be opportunistic. Most importantly, we're going to transact and engage on projects that have the right risk adjusted returns and maintain our discipline as we see cap rates continue to remain low. Development yields are being chased by a lot of developers out there. We're going to maintain our traditional 250 basis point spread over market cap rates. And, look, we're working with existing retailers within our portfolio, new retailers and we're focused on continuing to find projects that makes sense for this company.

Yes, that's a great question, Collin. We've made a couple of acquisitions as well as our Joint Venture Capital Solutions project in New Lenox, Illinois, which we call multi-tenant net lease properties. These are traditionally two to really four junior boxes, no small tenant space, no lease maturities, no rollover risk there. We look at it in the following way. We'll acquire any of those individual boxes or tenants on its own in isolation, we see the opportunity if there's two to four of them lined up typically anchored by a Super Wal-Mart or Target or Kohl's, we think that's a great opportunity for us to deploy capital and frankly, to get exposure to tenants which aren't traditional net lease retailers from a free-standing perspective. Most recently, we've been able to add Old Navy, obviously Gap Credit, Bed, Bath &amp; Beyond to the portfolio as well as Dress Barn. Last year, with our New Lenox joint venture, we were able to add T.J. Maxx, which was our first in the portfolio as well as Ross, which was the first in the portfolio. So again, we see these opportunities as a meaningful way for us to deploy capital in accretive manner and take on really a similar risk profile to a single tenant net lease asset.

Yes, I think traditional net lease acquirers -- most traditional net lease acquirers aren't transacting -- certainly, aren't developing those types of assets. Obviously, we're the only net lease development REIT. So, they're developing those types of assets. Then, on the acquisition front, we don't see significant interest from the shopping center REITs who are typically looking for the ability to generate either same-store NOI growth [outward] or expansion of the existing shopping centers. So, it's a unique opportunity for us in many cases, again, to deploy capital into credits and retailers that we will like that are recession-resistant and e-commerce resistant and to do so with either minimal competition or less competition. I think you're right there.

Good question, Collin. I tell you that asset was specifically carved out of the 20-year master lease due to the store level performance. That asset was subject to a traditional 10-year lease in isolation. It was an opportunity for us frankly to divest of the asset, gain about 100 basis points and it really was one of the weaker performing stores in that portfolio. So, the remainder of the portfolio is subject to 20-year master lease. That was an opportunity again for us to divest of some of the exposure, divest of really the weakest store in the portfolio.
I think, as we go forward, we touched on in the prepared remarks our disposition target of $25 million for the year. We're going to see additional shopping center divestments in that $25 million as well as opportunistic dispositions of net leased assets either due to store sales, portfolio composition or we don't like the residuals on the real estate. So, we're going to take advantage of some of the cap rates that we see in this market and continue to work to build the best portfolio, retail net lease portfolio in this space.

Our ground lease portfolio which is about 10% of the portfolio is really an investment-grade ground lease portfolio. So, 90% of the rental income is investment-grade retailers, JPMorgan Chase, Lowe's, McDonald's, PNC, [Myer], Wal-Mart, Wawa. And, as we go forward, we've really been able to aggregate that portfolio because it's historically been a piece of our development platform. So, all of the Wawa development that we undertake as a preferred developer for Wawa, the Chase development, the McDonald's work that we've done, has all been on ground leases to varying extents of landlords work. As we go forward, I wouldn't expect that portfolio to grow. I think, as the overall portfolio grows from acquisitions, development and Joint Venture Capital Solutions, I think it would be probably presumptuous to say we'll be able to grow that the ground lease sub portfolio at the same rate. It's a fantastic portfolio, almost 15 years of term remaining, again, really 90% investment-grade, a significant portion of that is a credit and it's about north of $6 million on a GAAP AVR perspective. So, it's a unique portfolio. I don't think we see any of our peers have a portfolio like that and it really comes back to our ability to execute on all three of our external growth platforms, development, Joint Venture Capital Solutions as well as acquisitions.

Yes, Collin, that's a good question. Obviously, 200 stores in the context of Walgreens overall real estate exposure is a tiny fraction. All retailers are looking at existing stores, closing stores, relocating stores, adding stores to varying degrees. We have no notice from Walgreens that they'll be closing any stores in our portfolio. If they happen to close a store in the portfolio, they would still be contractually obligated to continue to pay rent. Obviously, looks favorably upon having any dark stores, but our Walgreens portfolio we feel is very stable. Again, we don't have any notice from Walgreens that they'll be closing any of our stores or any of our stores are in that basket of 200 and there's no co-tenancy or really other considerations tied to those.

I think that's a good question. I think probably about a [five cap] would be an appropriate number to put on that portfolio. You look at the investment grade profile at 90%, you'll get the term of almost 15 years and you look at some of the lease structures with the scheduled rent increases and I would tell you that that portfolio would probably trigger on [price cap.]

That's, a good question, Dan. We don't have visibility yet into really a blended cap rate on that $25 million. We're really looking at it on effectively a neutral basis as we redeploy that capital. If there's upside to that, obviously, we'll take it, but there is going to be some shopping center dispositions in there, net lease dispositions. So, it's really going to be a blended basis. We're going to see where some of those assets transact as we move through the year here. We have visibility into a couple of them, but there will be some opportunistic dispositions at lower cap rates. There will be some dispositions potentially in the shopping center space which will be, well, double-digit cap rates and then some mid single-digit cap rates potentially in the shopping center as well as net lease.

We won't give away all of our secrets on the call, but I'll tell you, we have a very unique set of circumstances that really set the source, the opportunities here. So, we have three external platforms, all three which work symbiotically and together, to really source opportunities that are not market. We aren't a market buyer, we aren't entering into asset level auctions. We're leveraging our relationships, our skill sets, our unique development expertise really to transact on assets that are unique. We're doing a lot of work with retailers. We're doing a lot of work with existing relationships, we're doing a lot of work where we can bring something to the table, it's a value added proposition even though it's an acquisition, which really is enabled by our development expertise, our environmental expertise and the things that really M&amp;A from our development roots of this company that have been here for 40 years.
So, again, I tell you, we aren't a market buyer. We will never be a market buyer. Frankly, I don't think that is an accretive opportunity for us today. But more importantly, is not in our DNA. I mean, this is a real estate company at its roots and we leverage those real estate capabilities, resources, as well as those relationships to deploy our capital across all three platforms. So, I would tell you the transactions and the opportunities that we see come from all directions. They come, they do come at times directly from retailers, but that by no means is a majority of the opportunities we see. They come from shopping center REITs, they come from developers, general contractors, leasing brokers, investment sale brokers, direct from developers and landlords and we really see to aggregate those opportunities to deploy like we say a $175 million to $200 million into acquisitions this year.
Again, if you look back at 2014, we underwrote nearly $2.5 billion of acquisitions opportunities that came into real estate committee and we only transacted on $148 million of opportunities. So, we have a very wide net, I tell you, the unique net and we continue to see those opportunities that don't necessarily correlate to market cap rates.

Thanks. That concludes our call. Again, I'd thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you when we report our second quarter results. Have a great day. Thank you.

Good morning, Collin. That's a good question. I think it would be the latter. We really don't have visibility truly into the fourth quarter of this year. Most importantly, we're going to continue to stress quality-over-quality, continue to underwrite from a bottoms-up approach. It's easy to acquire assets to the net leased space; it's more difficult to acquire assets that fit within the context of our portfolio. So we're going continue to stress quality, we've acquired $126 million as released in the press release and we're going to continue to maintain our investment parameters.

Yes. I think the consistency is really paramount for us. We've been consistent since we launched the platform, the acquisition platform in 2010 and we'll maintain that consistency through the back half of the year.

Sure. We will undertake really an exhaustive and methodical search to find a successor to Brian whose last day will be Tuesday of next week. So, Brian has done a fantastic job over the course of the last 18 months and our goal is to find a successor that can continue to build upon everything that Brian and the team here has accomplished. And they continue to work with us to grow and evolve this company as we move forward.

Yes, Collin it's a great question. As I've commented previously before we're probably and we take pride in it the worst indicator of the net lease market in this space. That said, there is obviously a lot of capital in the state, a lot of capital that has return requirements that are obviously well below ours. I would tell you that, you really have to look at the price point, those assets to really determine who the buyer pool is. I would anticipate Darden's expectation of mid-size in terms of cap rates. It is driven by private 1031 purchasers inclusive of 1031 purchasers and private capital. I can't imagine any (inaudible) or institutional capital acquiring [doted] assets at those capitals.

That's a great question. I think obviously the ATM is still new for us. I think we're going to use the ATM selectively. We're going to use it obviously to reduce our overall cost of capital, our cost of equity capital and also to improve the timing and efficiency of raising capital. We are really by definition, an aggregator of assets and to be able to raise capital more contemporaneously with the deployment of that capital, obviously provide some efficiency. I think it will remain to be seen how effective the ATM is. We're going to be selective; we're going to keep and we're going to keep it in line with our -- if, when we do deploy the ATM, we will keep it in line with trading volume on any given day.

Yes, look, I think, the lower end of that is reasonable. Again, I think we're going to continue to learn how effective that platform and that tool can be. Most importantly we put it in our tool box during the quarter, as you mentioned, we're able to raise a little bit over $14 million. I think the effectiveness of it, we have to kind of look forward into the crystal ball, we don't really control that; we don't really control both sides of that equation, but I think the lower end, the $10 million range of the ATM, probably makes sense.

Good Morning, Wilkes.

That's a great question. There's obviously multiple inputs to that equation, the amount of proceeds that we raised from dispositions we've given guidance for the $25 million this year. We've already transacted or disposed off over $9 million. So I think that will be a significant factor. And then on the flip side, I'll put the ATM aside, is what the pipeline materializes like it really for Q4 of this year. We have some visibility into the remainder of the Q3 pipeline but Q4 is off in the distance still. So I think it is feasible for us to raise those proceeds both via the ATM, as well as disposition activity. It would also --it will be highly dependent upon also acquisition activity on the other side.

Thanks, Wilkes.

Good morning, Rob. We've talked previously and we discussed in this call about the $15 million near-term development pipeline. We've obviously recently released the Hobby Lobby as well as the Cash &amp; Carry, even a little bit more color on to out lot developments at North Lakeland and Capital Plaza. I'll tell you that number looking out six to nine months obviously includes that $15 million and then it would be outside from there. I tell you that in our shadow pipeline are some exciting opportunities with existing retailers as well as new entrants, potential entrants to our portfolio. And we'll see, we don't control the entitlement pace, we don't control the pace at which tenants approve projects. But there are exciting opportunities that we hope to get announced in 2015, if not early in 2016.

Well, I think that would be a high number in terms of the short-term. If we look out medium and long-term, our goal is to continue to roll into scale all three of our external growth platforms. So acquisition development, as well as joint venture capital solution, we think we have the ability over the medium term to materially scale the latter too there. So we've grown the acquisition platform to the guidance of $175 million to $200 million this year. Our goal is also to continue to scale organic development, as well as joint venture capital solutions and the team here, the development team is working diligently to do so. So they're in conversations with some new and exciting tenants, as well as existing tenants. How quickly we are able to scale that will be frankly project and relationship specific.

Yes, from a debt to recurring EBITDA perspective, we've always said that our target really is five to six times or right in the middle at 5.4 times at quarter-end. So we're right in the middle of that targeted range. We feel good about where we are, we don't have any preferred in the capital stacks, our coverage is very strong across the board. So we're right in the middle of that target range right now. Obviously, we'll have some acquisition activity and capital deployed, be it the joint venture, as well as development platforms, and then hopefully some dispositions as well as a funding source.

Thank you.

Well, thank you. That about wraps it up again. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us and we look forward to speaking with you on our third quarter results. Thanks everybody.

Our search continues. We are methodically interviewing a number of candidates currently. Our goal is to have somebody in place, in that seat, by the first quarter of 2016 and we think we're on track to do so.

Sure. I think when we look at our ATM we think, as Ken touched on, it's an efficient means for us to raise and deploy capital to seek to match fund transactions and really tie together sources and uses. Uniquely in the third quarter, as everyone may notice, relative to our cash on hand at September 30, we had a high quality long-only investor who came on a reverse inquiry basis, which we transacted on and that trade settled on September 30. So we're improving our shareholder base with long-only investors and we're really seeking to maximize both the efficiency of our capital raising efforts as well as the deployment.

Yes, it's really a matter of timing. Transactions aren't necessarily on the traditional calendar. I wouldn't read anything into that. Obviously through Q3, we've closed $160 million, we're confident that we're on track to hit our target range of $175 million to $200 million for the year. I wouldn't read anything into cap rates or the market from that. It's really just the timing of closings as well as transactions proceeding through diligence.

Sure. We sold six shopping centers in the past 19 months. We've been pretty consistent that we were selling assets from the bottom, over the course of the last few years, assets where we weren't comfortable either with the store performance, the credit or the residuals. And the assets that you see have disposed of in Q3 both Ferris Commons and Lakeland Plaza were upper single digit cap rates as compared to the mid upper teens that we have historically disposed in 2013 and 2014.
So, today we're sitting with really 2.5 shopping centers remaining in the portfolio, Frankfort, Kentucky, we have Capital Plaza where we're currently adding the ground lease on the recently created outlot and as well as our Central Commons in Mt. Pleasant, Michigan. Both of those assets are the highest quality shopping center assets we had in the portfolio, frankly, with the most embedded value creation opportunities and we're going to be patient with those opportunities here. Shopping centers are now down to approximately 2.6% of annualized base rent and we think that really the two shopping centers we have remaining in the portfolio has significant value.

That's a good question Collin. I think first, it will depend on where our dispositions close for the quarter here. We've given the guidance, which is pretty broad of $40 million to $50 million. We've closed on just north of $28 million in terms of dispositions. I think the disposition activity going forward will most likely come from net lease assets, as we really look to optimize portfolio composition. And then, the redeployment of that capital [remaining of] fourth quarter and first quarter typically in 1031 transactions will follow.

I'll tell you, we are consistently looking at the portfolio for opportunities. In terms of this year, we had almost $18 million, $19 million in shopping center dispositions, Lakeland being the biggest piece of that, just north of $13 million. So I would tell you that I would anticipate a range that is lower, probably lower than the $40 million or $50 million, but I still think it's early for us and a lot will be depending on what gets disposed for the remainder of this year.

I've said previously on earnings calls; we are not the best bellwether for market cap rates. I'll tell you that we remain consistent with that 8% target. We have not noticed any material deviations, either up or down in cap rates over the past three quarters or so. But again, we aren't the best -- really the market bellwether for those cap rates. Our platform is focused on creating and sourcing value and really finding those opportunistic transactions in a highly fragmented large space. So I would anticipate our cap rates remaining consistent. They've been consistent really since we launched the acquisition platform in 2010 and we're looking to continue to transact with similar quality real estate, similar lease term, similar credit structure and pricing on a go-forward basis.

Yes. We look at transactions that range from a million dollars into the billions of dollars. Again, our focus is finding the transactions that complement our existing portfolio that surpass and clear our bottoms up underwriting approach and the size of those transactions varies really across the board. Most importantly, we're going to remain disciplined and seek to have the highest quality net lease portfolio in the space with any transactions that we undertake.

Yes. I think the best way to think about it really is for any pro forma material concentrations that any single sale leaseback opportunity with a single tenant obviously would create. We really have a soft line of that 5% threshold in terms of tenant concentration. We've done, obviously, a ton of work in terms of diversifying this portfolio. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we think that transformation is effectively complete. So today, the only tenant that has a material tenant concentration, above 5% is Walgreens and for us to surpass that 5% line; again, that's soft line. For us to surpass that 5% line, we would have to think long and hard.

Yes, I think the short answer is, it effectively hasn't moved. The 10-year was at effectively the same rate as one we transacting on the debt private placement. When we did that transaction, we did $50 million in 10-year paper at that 4.16% and the $50 million in 12-year paper at the 4.26%, getting to that 4.21% that you mentioned. We were pretty confident that we could transact in the similar market with similar term at those rates.

Yes, outside of an unanticipated shopping center disposition, I would anticipate that those transactions in the disposition pipeline would transact at roughly a 6.5% cap rate.

No. We don't see any market conditions that are going to cause us to change our underwriting criteria. We don't have anything in the pipeline today that's going to be a deviation from our underwriting criteria. Consistency again, I think, we've demonstrated that since 2010 and we're confident that we can continue to deploy capital in high quality net lease retail opportunities at these rates.

Just for clarification, the Hobby Lobby project in Springfield, Ohio is currently under construction was not part of our joint venture Capital Solutions program. That's obviously -- that is an organic development project for Hobby Lobby. So that was not a joint venture project. However, we have done a joint venture project historically for Hobby Lobby. So The Cash &amp; Carry project in Salem, Oregon again, is with a repeat partner that is a joint venture Capital Solutions project, the second Cash &amp; Carry that we've undertaken with that partner we have a long relationship with.
Our goal for the joint venture project is really to secure a handful of developers, let's call it three to five developers who are bringing to market three to five projects per year at an average price point of, let's use $4 million. Market conditions aside, that is our medium-term goal. It is really to leverage our balance sheet, our access to capital, our cost of capital, our development expertise and our tenant relationships, as well as our partner's ability to source and secure opportunities and we see that program materializing to that level in the medium term.
So we're focused on it. Obviously, the merchant build environment that we have out there today within a low cap rate environment is an obstacle to really seeing this platform to fruition. But again, that's our goal. It's really to secure a handful of critical partners, three to five critical partners that can leverage those things that we bring to the table there.

So, let's start with the last question. We anticipate, again, outside Wilkes of -- frankly an unplanned shopping center disposition in 2015, for the remainder of our -- sorry dispositions. For the remainder of our dispositions in the near term to be, what we'd call non-core net lease assets and those will be notable names in our tenant roster either store performance or residuals that we're not comfortable with, or something that may forces us to look at the asset, potentially even pricing and opportunistic pricing.
So I think in terms of dispositions we are going to remain active asset managers, true our real estate roots and focus on those qualities, similar to our acquisition platform. Our priorities going into 2016 frankly are to continue to build upon our three external growth platforms, acquisition development as well as our joint venture Capital Solutions programs and really to build and scale those platforms and to continue to be able to enter a net lease retail transaction anywhere along the life cycle of that transaction, from site selection with our retail partners all the way through acquisition from a third party or on a sale leaseback basis, and those capabilities and those qualities are very unique in our space. They speak to our real estate roots and they speak to the relationships that we have across the board with retailers, brokers, developers and the like.
So, I think you're going to see, more of the same from this Company. I think if you look at this quarter at a point in time, what we're -- really I'm most pleased with, is if you look at our portfolio today, we're sitting here with a portfolio that's nearly 53% investment grade. We've obviously actively managed the portfolio, selling six shopping centers in the last 19 months. We've invested over the course of the last few years over $600 million into specifically retail net lease and we've created value and sourced value that is atypical of what we see in the marketplace and that's the DNA of this organization and that those are the core values of this organization and we're confident that we can continue to grow and build upon the platforms that we've already established.

I'll tell you, from an acquisition perspective, we've seen the number, that's a $2 trillion space. I'll tell you that transactions at any point in time can materialize. We haven't found it more difficult to source transactions. Yes, sectors have become more competitive and we don't anticipate us transacting in the fast food sector, similarly to quick service restaurant sector, similar to how we did in year-end 2014, because frankly, cap rates and rent to sales ratios, we think have gotten out of whack at the transactions that we see and so, I'll tell you that we see sectors trend, but overall, it is such a highly fragmented large base and the team here is doing such a great job of building relationships and sourcing opportunity that we don't see any material deviations today or on the horizon.
Again, we are really sourcing and targeting a needle in a haystack here. We're targeting a couple of hundred million dollars at the top end of our range in a space that sees multiple billions of dollars transact on an annual basis. So we don't see any change there.
In terms of development, the development world is dominated by merchant builders, private developers who are typically constructing and developing assets for retailers then putting them on the market and selling to 1031 or private purchasers. We've been very clear that we are not going to undertake a two year to three year development process for returns that are sub-standard. Our development returns are superior to the market, they're superior overall to our other investment dollars that we put to work and we're going to remain stringent and diligent in terms of how we deploy those dollars in high quality opportunities.
That can change, that is built upon relationships and the team here is focused on working with existing tenants in our portfolio as well as new tenants on sourcing those opportunities. But overall, we think we are able through the three platforms to continue to deploy north of $200 million on an accretive basis that fit our underwriting criteria.

All right, well that about wraps it up again. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and we look forward to speaking with you in 2016. Thank you.

Good morning, Rob. Thanks for the question. I think most importantly, what we want to maintain our discipline and our investment parameters. Do I think we're opportunity constrained? No, not necessarily. But at the same time our focus is really growing and scaling all three platforms simultaneously, acquisitions, development, and our Partner Capital Solutions program.
So we think there are opportunities, discretely within each of those external growth platforms, as well as leveraging the three platforms to deploy multiple capabilities simultaneously. So we look forward to growing each external growth platform. And I don't think we're necessarily opportunity constrained, it's just a function of finding those opportunities, and executing on them.

If 2016 dispositions, what I touched on in our prepared remarks really, literally will be a shift from our -- from previous years. Our focus in the last few years, has been culling and minimizing the shopping center portfolio, divesting of those assets, culminating in the three assets we disposed in 2015.
Our plans for 2016 and really beyond, are really to focus on non-core underperforming assets, and most importantly, managing any existing concentrations that we have in our portfolio. We think there are opportunities to dispose of those assets, recycle that capital at attractive cap rates, and redeploy it on an accretive basis. And most significantly, there is our Walgreen's exposure. Our focus in 2016, will be on divesting some of those assets opportunistically, and redeploying that capital into high quality net lease real estate.

No, I don't think it will -- it will be at that upper end of that range. I think we'd like to see how that market materializes for us. As I think we discussed in the previous call, the challenge with that market is it's typically driven by 1031 purchasers, and certainty of execution can be challenging. We're going to evaluate opportunities in that portfolio to -- divest of assets like I mentioned. And I think we'll have a better sense of what we think the aggregate disposition volume will be probably in Q2.

We think, I think our focus will probably be lease up. We don't have many vacancies in the portfolio. We're 99.5% occupied, and so our focus really will be on dispositions, will be on occupied assets in 2016.

Thanks, Rob.

Good morning, Collin.

Yes, look, we are -- we evaluate all opportunities that range from $1 million, up to a couple billion dollars. That said, we're focused again, on really maintaining our discipline. We aren't going to stretch for transformative opportunity, or a larger portfolio opportunity that doesn't meet our existing investment parameters.
By nature, and by definition, we truly are aggregators. We're aggregators on the acquisition front, on the development front. The average price point of our transactions is just a few million dollars. That being said, we'll look at all opportunities. We take a hard look at opportunities that are all across the board. And if we find something that we think is accretive in terms of earnings, accretive to our NAV, accretive to our overall portfolio, and it fits within the context of the strategy that we've outlined, we'd certainly take a look at it.

That's a good question, Collin. I think, as we look at our portfolio today, Walgreen's is the outsized concentration, and we're aware of that, cognizant of it, and focused on both growing the Company, and growing the denominator. And also being active asset managers, which is important to us, in terms of a potential, evaluating potential disposition opportunities.
We don't have a hard line. Again, this is a Company that's growing at 30% top line clips over the last few years. So we don't necessarily have a hard line, and again, we want to be opportunistic when we look at opportunities.
That said, the 5% range has historically been a benchmark for us. And so, we have today, just Walgreen's, and Wal-Mart just exceeded that by a few -- by not even a few hundred basis points. We don't anticipate them being above 5% for very long, above that soft line.
And again, we're not going to look to increase exposure, obviously to Walgreen's. So we think we have some opportunities to divest some of these assets, and at attractive cap rates, and redeploy that capital into continued diversification efforts in our portfolio.

Sure. I wouldn't extrapolate anything from the Sports Authority bankruptcy. I think, Academy Sports we believe is the premier operator in the space, with Dick's being obviously, a close national second. Sports Authority has had difficulties for a number of years. And so, I would be careful not to extrapolate anything beyond, in terms of the overall sporting goods sector there.

Thanks, Collin.

Good morning, Rob.

That's a great question, R.J. And just for clarification purposes, we recently renamed our joint venture capital solutions (inaudible) platform, the Partner Capital Solutions, specifically, just because we had some confusion really from an investor perspective, whether those assets were truly in joint ventures, or off-balance sheet.
Those -- our Partner Capital Solutions is really an inorganic development pipeline which materializes, and transactions materialize in two ways. First, we will buy a transaction which we'll call it, effectively ready-made or pre-packaged, where we will purchase the transaction, and oversee the land development, and then vertical construction on ourselves. And then secondly, as we did in Salem, Oregon we will fund a developers transaction, close on the land, and then through a draw process fund their construction of the asset, with an offset at closing.
And so, just for everybody's clarification, we renamed the program, and the goal of the program is the same as our development and acquisition. It's 100% fee simple ownership of net lease retail assets on balance sheet.
And directly to your question, R.J., our goal is to really scale the Partner Capital Solutions platform and development platform to $50 million to $100 million a year in the intermediate term. We like to say that, it's a two to four year goal for us. We think the opportunities are there, both from an organic development perspective, but also working with private developers across this country to execute on their pipelines.
That being said, these platforms don't operate totally in distinct silos. Our focus, and we talked about it in the prepared remarks, is leveraging the capabilities of both -- of two or more platforms simultaneously, with the retail partner or with the developer. For instance, we have transactions where we're working with the developer and on the partner side, but we will also buy, we'll also purchase assets upon completion on the acquisition side.
So and the same can be materialized with retailers, where we're organically developing with retailers, but also looking at sale leaseback transactions with retailers at the same time. So we like to leverage each platform. At the same time, we have distinct goals for the amount of dollar volume, as you mentioned, that those platforms can originate.

Yes, that's the only JCPenney in our portfolio. That was -- no discussion behind it. It was just JCPenney exercising an option in there, in Mount Pleasant, Michigan.

Thanks, R.J.

Good morning, Dan.

Well, it's a hypothetical, and it's a good question. I think, pricing is obviously an important aspect to any portfolio transaction, or any transaction that we undertake. Obviously, we have some high hurdles on a one-off basis, which I think is fair to assume, would also apply to a portfolio transaction.
That said, we are a bottoms-up underwriter. In the sense that, we're looking at underlying real estate values. We are marking to market the rents. We're looking at the fungibility of the boxes, traffic patterns, demographic patterns. And if we see something in a portfolio that we think has fundamental real estate value, with credit and term tied to it -- and frankly, fits like as you mentioned, fits within the context of our existing portfolio, we will look at pricing.
And can I say, we'll be aggressive on pricing? Absolutely not. We are not going to be the highest bidder at any auction. But pricing is an important component obviously, and it's something that we take into account when we look at any transaction. It's difficult in a hypothetical, it's difficult without understanding lease structure and composition of a hypothetical portfolio. But look, we will look at transactions as I mentioned, from $1 million to a couple billion dollars.
Our goal in the long-term is scaling this Company, to what we believe our ideal operating size is, $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion. And we crossed $1 billion enterprise mark in the fourth quarter. We tripled the size of the organization in the last few years, and transformed the portfolio.
We're confident, very confident that we're going to do that again. And whether we do that over the next few years, continuing the regular way aggregating, through acquisition development, and Partner Capital Solutions, or where we've found something that was transformative, we're going to evaluate all of them, with the same lens, and the same approach.

Well, first, we don't typically -- we aren't entering bids in auctions on assets. That's first and foremost. That's not our business. We're cognizant of our cost of capital. We're cognizant of the decrease in our cost of capital, with the stock performance over the last 15 or so months.
That being said, we have been pretty consistent, not only through our execution, but also how we've articulated our strategy. That we are value creators across all aspects of our business, and for us to simply enter into auctions, or be competitive in terms of our large cap peers, entering into large sale leaseback transactions or portfolios, that's just not our DNA. It doesn't fit within the core values of the organization, and it doesn't surpass, or muster weight in our underwriting criteria.
So we've always said, that as when we do, and we're confident that we will, when we do benefit from a decreased cost of capital -- and we are benefiting from that today, relative to where we were 18 months ago, and two years ago -- we think our spreads will widen out, in terms of our investment, our investment activity.
So we're not going to remake our investment parameters. Where -- it gives us the ability if something is potentially on the margin to execute, but we are not going to remake the DNA of this Company, or change our underlying investment parameters.

Yes. So we effectively have 2.5 shopping centers remaining in the portfolio. We're currently adding -- in the process of adding outlots to those shopping centers. And so, the near-term lease roll in those shopping centers, there is some near-term lease roll, small, really small tenant lease roll in those shopping centers. We have a K-mart expiration in 2018, I believe in Kentucky.
We'd love to get those assets back, frankly. We think they are significantly below market. The two shopping center based K-marts that we have in the portfolio, are paying effectively $2 a square foot, one on a net basis, one on a gross basis. The net basis, if you work that down to a triple net lease, is effectively paying $35,000 a year on an 86,000 square foot box, and has an outlot opportunity in the parking lot. So we would love to get those assets back in the intermediate term there.
In 2017, we have an opportunity in Boynton Beach. Florida, where we have a former sub lease from Borders which is closed to Off Broadway Shoes, a regional operate. They have no options left in 2017. There's a potential expansion area adjacent to the store. We could have a great embedded opportunity there as well.
So as you mentioned, the lease roll this year, we have one lease rolling this year, and we're pretty confident that tenant is going to exercise an option. And then, 2017 and 2018, we're talking about a [$1.7 million] and a [$1.5 million], with about offhand, with probably about a quarter of that rolling in the shopping center portfolio.

Good morning.

Yes, I wouldn't read into it too much. We were 18, 19 basis points effectively off, where we were in the prior quarter. For the year, we were still at that 8%. It's really a function of just a couple transactions that we have in there, good -- I don't know, opportunities that we saw in the market we took advantage of. I wouldn't read into that on a run rate basis on a go forward.
We made some fantastic acquisitions during the fourth quarter. It was a testament of our team uncovering opportunities, that we think are great fits within our portfolio. Some of the tenants, Mattress Firm, Verizon Wireless, Advance Auto Parts. We obviously acquired a Wal-Mart in the fourth quarter, a DSW which was the first DSW in our portfolio. So some great opportunities in there, some opportunities we were able to negotiate early exercise of options or quote/unquote, blend and extend opportunities, some offmarket opportunities, where we really uncovered some value. So I wouldn't read into that too much.

Most importantly, we're going to operate with an investment grade mind set. Obviously, we don't have investment grade credit rating today, but our balance sheet is going to continue to enable our growth. It's going to be a growth-oriented balance sheet.
It's going to facilitate and enable us to execute on opportunities and transactions that we uncover. And it's going to maintain that investment grade mind set, that one day, we will pursue a rating, and we'll attain an investment grade credit rating. And we'll continue to pursue unsecured financing to keep us in a position to obtain that rating down the road.

We're really talking about two shopping centers out of 280 plus assets. Today, at 2% of rental revenues, that number will continue to decrease. Frankly, we think there are some fantastic opportunities embedded within that -- in those two assets, a couple of which we are executing on outlots right now. One the Chick-fil-a ground lease that we talked about. We retained the Starbucks outlot in Lakeland, when we disposed of that portfolio.
So we think there's embedded value opportunities, not only in the outlots. But as I touched on, these are two K-mart anchored shopping centers that are paying $2 per square foot, one on a gross basis, one on a net basis. And outlot opportunities, as well as re-tenanting opportunities in those boxes, we think are very strong. So if the right offer, or the right opportunity to dispose of those assets came along, we would definitely look at it.
But in the meanwhile, we retain it, and continue, obviously to have the development capabilities, the re-tenanting and the asset management capabilities to create some significant value there. And we've got interested parties in those assets, if we were able to uncover that value. So not priority for us in 2016. Our priority is to continue to create value in those two assets, and our focus will be on net lease assets.

Thank you.

Well, great, thank you. And with that, I would like to thank everybody for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you when we report our first quarter results. Thank you, everybody.

Good morning, Collin.

Sure. I think, first, it is a very small sample size. To read anything into the lease term in that $33 million in acquisitions would do us a disservice. I tell you, with that small sample size, it gives us the opportunity to articulate on some specific transactions that we executed on in the first quarter.
Specifically, we did a small portfolio working in conjunction with Aaron's Rents where they took over those stores from a franchisee. We acquired the real estate. These are Walmart, Wawas, fantastic underlying real estate there, but they took over from a distressed franchisee; we had the ability to acquire that real estate with new buildings.
Secondly, we acquired our first Dave &amp; Busters in Austin, Texas. Again, really a fantastic piece of real estate, high performing store. The store is already in percentage rent. Really Main &amp; Main for Dave &amp; Busters in a unique location with underlying real-estate attributes. I think, all in all, reading into the shorter least term of 6.9 years isn't indicative of what you will see from us for the remainder of the year.

We continue to maintain an active stance in terms of disposing of net-lease assets, really what we deem non-core net-lease assets with a focus on reducing our pharmacy concentration. We did not have any dispositions close during the first quarter. We are looking toward Q2 through Q4 of potentially realizing some of those transactions and recycling those proceeds.

Yes, that is fair. I think, you can see our Walgreens count, our Walgreens exposure specifically came down 70 basis points just as a function of the growth in the underlying portfolio and the growth in the denominator.
We stated before, pretty clearly, that we are going to take an active stance in reducing that concentration and not only allow the Company to grow out of that position. It is a difficult market really driven by 1031 purchasers' endpoint timing of dispositions. We're confident that we will be able to transact on the disposition front on some of those assets through the remainder of the year.

That is a great question, Rob. We have been pretty clear that our driver is not when we make investment decisions, whether or not a retailer carries an investment-grade credit rating. We're really looking for national and super regional retailers, many of which carry investment-grade credit ratings and many of which are unrated.
As we've talked about, historically, and commented on the call today, we just wrapped up another Hobby Lobby. We have a Chick-fil-A in the ground currently in Frankfort, Kentucky. Those are unrated retailers, but I think, if you ran them through, we are pretty confident actually, if you ran them through a Moody's risk calc, where you would see us dive into their balance sheet, they would be investment grade. So we're not imputing any credit ratings for any retailers either. We are using the traditional ratings definition.
Our focus is really maintaining that national and super regional retailer perspective. It is focusing on main retail corridors. I think investment-grade exposure as we transacted, you mentioned, as we transact on the acquisition disposition, development and partner capital solutions front, we will vacillate. I think our goal is to maintain a significant piece of our portfolio as investment grade, but we definitely do not have a hard line of 50% or anything of the sort.

I'd see turmoil in the private markets, or any turmoil that you're referring to currently in the markets, that doesn't have an impact in the present. That could play out in the future. Laith Hermez and his team here, our Chief Operating Officer, is doing a fantastic job working with retailers on development opportunities. We're seeing growth in our pipeline.
These projects take an average of 24 months to bring to fruition. We're seeing both external growth opportunities, but also internal, embedded growth opportunities in context of our own portfolio currently. We have additional outlot opportunities. We have additional redevelopment opportunities that we are currently looking at and working on and we look forward to really bringing everybody up to speed on those, hopefully in the next quarter.

We are going our discussion shortly with the board regarding the dividend. Our current payout ratio is both on an AFO and AFFO basis of 76% or at the lower end of our stated range. Our range has typically been 75% to 85%.
As Matt mentioned in the prepared remarks, that implies the ability for future growth. We've always wanted to maintain consistency and predictability with the dividend, maintain a conservative payout ratio, but a payout ratio that our shareholders continue, really a payout yield that our shareholders continue to enjoy.
The board will be discussing the future dividend in the near term. We look forward to continue to have the ability to raise the dividend in quarters and years to come.

Thanks for the quick question George. So the $33 million, in the first quarter we had talked historically about bringing an approximately $25 million transaction forward into Q4. We feel like our Q1 run rate of $33 million plus that $25 million transaction we brought forward would've brought us to about $55 million to $58 million for the first quarter.
I wouldn't read into the Q1 run rate of the Q1 that $33 million and us that as a run rate. We're pretty confident we are going to be able to hit the $175 million to $200 million guidance that we put out earlier.
I will tell you we've got quite a significant pipeline right now. As I mentioned, both individual one-off assets through multiple different sourcing channels that we typically find assets through as well as some small portfolio opportunities. All of these are, of course, subject to customary diligence.
We're seeing a lot of opportunities across all three of our external growth platforms, not just acquisitions. And it is great to see the traction in the marketplace and then being able to leverage those platforms, not only on the discrete basis though, but leverage those platforms and produce a really superior risk-adjusted opportunities to what we see in the market.

The cash yields were in the upper 7%s as well there. They were due frankly to their shorter term nature of those; the cash yields were only about 10 to 15 basis points up there.

Thank you.

Yes, we haven't given guidance just because of the variable nature of development and the timing. We don't control the timing. Many of these projects are going through entitlement, permitting and site-selection process. To date, we have announced approximately $7.3 million in development.
We anticipate additional announcements coming later this year, hopefully as soon as Q2. Then we will see how the pipeline materializes throughout the course of the year. It's tough to pin down actual commencement days and we historically haven't announced the project until we effectively have a shovel in the ground.

Typical tenants, national tenants don't provide store-level sales. I'll tell you that we do everything we can in our diligence and in our investigative powers to understand the store-level performance and we often do understand the store-level performance.
For example, the Dave &amp; Busters transaction I mentioned in Austin, that store is effectively now in percentage rents. So we understand the store-level performance as well as the coverage there, which is well North of 2.5 times. Most of it is anecdotal; it will come through tenant interviews, our relationships with retailers and their real estate departments well as everything from our diligence on the ground at the store manager level.
So, store-level coverage, we're not writing these leases, especially in the first quarter. We are not writing the leases, we're taking, subject to them. And most national retailers are not providing that store-level data.

Frankly, I don't think we are seeing a significant portfolio premium today as we saw on years past. I think portfolios today, there are opportunities where portfolios are trading potentially even at discounts. So the days of the portfolio premiums really driven by some of the large-cap peers as well as the non-traded vehicles snapping up assets left and right are essentially gone.
The opportunities we typically look at our either small-sale leasebacks with retailers that we have the ability to then develop for and work with on an organic basis to leverage our balance sheet and execute on a sale leaseback. But then, also, on a go-forward basis to work on organic development and work with the real estate departments on their net new storing strategies. Or diversified portfolios diversified by tenant-sector geography as well as lease term.
Those are what we call mixed bag portfolio. The days of the portfolio premium really driven by the non-traded entities out there, I think we are past those days.

No. So, we are confident that our existing platform can aggregate $175 million to $200 million in unique opportunities net-resale opportunities that are a traditional to atypical to the market. We mentioned on the last call, we got a similar question, our cost of equity has improved, our cost of capital has improved, but that's not going to change our bottoms-up underwriting approach.
At the margin, does it give us the ability on the margin to transact? Sure, but I think, as we look forward in 2016, our core focus and our disciplined underwriting approach is still going to drive all of the investment decisions that we make.

Thank you.

Good morning, Dan.

I think from 30,000 feet, we've seen the confidence improve. We are coming out, obviously, out of the great recession; consumer spending has improved marginally. I think consumer confidence, obviously, has improved. It really varies by sector and tenant.
We obviously do not see the big-box retailers out there doing Greenfield projects. That said, we see sectors, such as the fast food sector, such as the auto parts sector and a number of others that are out there aggressively looking for new opportunities. These are not prerecession number of openings.
Our focus is working with the retailers that fit within our investment profile, that fit within that e-commerce resistant lens and that we can feel like we can partner with on a go-forward opportunity and deploy meaningful capital and be a material piece of their growth. Does that make sense, Dan?

It is hard to look forward. I tell you if you look at net-lease retail, you effectively-- most retailers except some of the smaller mall-based retailers and the traditional mall anchors will all look at freestanding formats. Whether that is a junior box, you see freestanding Bed, Bath and Beyonds, you see freestanding T.J. Maxx and HomeGoods combo stores today.
So most retailers, who will go in a shopping center, unless they are a small tenant that feeds off of a traditional grocery anchor, will also look at freestanding formats. It frankly becomes a function of occupancy costs to develop a freestanding store rather than go in line can be more offensive for them.
I think the freestanding nature of assets, when you look at the visibility, the access, the parking, the ingress, the egress, the retail synergy that you can drive with a traditional freestanding net-lease format is really a dominant format in the retail landscape today. Coupled with one other thing, I think you see a lot of retailers, in this omni channel world that we're in today, looking to add drive-throughs, really pick-up windows. Walmart has been very aggressive in adding pick-up windows.
If you want a pick-up window, you either need an end-cap or you need to be freestanding to allow for the circulation as well as the vehicular traffic to access an exterior wall. I think, as retailers look forward in 2016 and beyond and they are looking in the omni channel world, how their e-commerce presence, online ordering, physical pick up, more and more retailers are going to realize the benefits of net-lease retail. I think we are going to see more of it, frankly.

Thanks, Dan.

Good morning, Tao. I think, as we touched on, I think reducing overall pharmacy is the only thing that we can point to. Pharmacy exposure and specifically, Walgreens, in the portfolio today. We are looking at what we believe and we're confident is the best net-lease portfolio in the country.
It is 100% retail It is over 50% investment grades; it's got north of 11 years weighted-average lease term. We have zero lease expirations remaining in 2016. We have had the opportunity since we launched the acquisition platform in 2010 and the partner capital solutions platform in 2012 to construct this portfolio anew.
When you look at the retail landscape today and the stress retailers that are having challenges and or filing for bankruptcy, we have no exposure to them, because, frankly, since we launched the platform, we've stayed away from them. We did not believe in the strategy, their merchandising strategies; we did not believe in their execution.
When you look across that landscape today, we do not have any Sports Authorities in our portfolio. We do not have any office supply stores in our portfolio. We have been very specific with our investments in targeted sectors and then targeted leading retailers in those sectors.
I think the results are today what you see and that portfolio, again, we believe it is industry-leading. We are focused on the one piece that I mentioned is reducing our pharmacy concentration which we think is a great opportunity to divest and redeploy that capital on an accretive basis throughout the year.

Overall rent coverage for the portfolio where we have tenants that report, which are traditional sale leasebacks, typically with a franchise restaurant, is well over 2%. That is really our threshold.
We have one restaurant in the portfolio, that we acquired as part of a small portfolio transaction at the end of 2014. It was a Sonic restaurant that we immediately put on the market and disposed, sub-6% cap. I think was about a 5.5% cap that did not meet that coverage threshold. If we're going to enter into a lease transaction, typically a sale leaseback where we have rent coverage, we are targeting any rent coverage north of 2 times.

Thank you. With that, we would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning and we look toward to speaking to you again when we report our second-quarter results. Thank you, everybody.

We had typically an aggregator by nature across all three external growth platforms. That said, we're always evaluating portfolios of any size and shape. We don't see anything in our pipeline today similar to the portfolio we closed on during the second quarter. But we're always looking, typically at diversified smaller portfolios of net lease assets.

Our disposition platform will continue to focus on the concentrations within the existing portfolio, most notably Walgreens. It's a great time to be disposing of those assets. And we've discussed before, a 5% to 6% caps. This sale in Port St. John was right in the middle of that range. Nothing notable about the store, the real estate or the store performance at a 5.5% cap. Our Walgreens exposure year over year is down nearly 500 basis points, like we discussed the prepared remarks. Our focus will be continuing to opportunistically divest of those assets and redeploy it into all three of our external growth platforms.
To speak to timing, it's challenging, Collin, to be honest. The majority of purchasers in this space are 1031 purchasers. Just by the very nature of the 1031 laws, until a purchaser frankly has closed, it doesn't provide for the most certainty of execution. That said, we're looking to maximize price on these dispositions. And we can tolerate a little bit of flex in the timing.

Our grocery Grossman exposure is up, let's call it about 170 basis points to our third largest sector. When we really focused on what we call really brick-and-mortar foundational businesses, that in context of an omni-channel retail world, we see those brick-and-mortar operations with improving same-store sales. Specific to grocery, our focus in the grocery space is in the deep discount. We're not a high-end grocery buyer. We typically don't buy middle-of-the-road grocers.
Our exposure has been increase from the Walmart Neighborhood Market in Vero Beach. That is our first Walmart Neighborhood Market. That's a brand-new ground lease where Walmart is currently paying rent and will commence construction in the next 60 days. Additional grocery exposure in the form of the Smart and Final stores in California. Obviously, very unique merchandising, unique shopping experience, Smart and Final. And they continue to perform very, very well in California.
Our focus on these sectors, on grocery, on farm and rural supply, on home improvement. Our focus on these sectors is really driven by our top-down approach to retail and how we view retail with that e-commerce resistant lens. And then we're focused on acquiring, developing and deploying capital in our partner capital solutions platform to the industry leaders in those respective sectors.
You can see Lowe's is now our number 3 tenant; Tractor Supply, our number 11 tenant; Hobby Lobby, our number 12 tenant. Home improvement, farm and rural supply, and crafts and hobbies respectively. And we're confident that those sectors are going to continue to perform well and that we've targeted the best operators, frankly, in those sectors.

We aren't speculating on land. We aren't speculating on any GLA. We have all of our costs buttoned up prior to close. Again, people confuse our development pipeline with a speculative pipeline or think it entails increased risk. I would tell you, it's the exact opposite. Before we close on any parcel of land, we have a lease with all contingencies waived, all entitlements and permits in hand, and we have a fixed lump sum contract from a general contractor. So we know what our costs are going into these projects. Any appreciation in land prices or appreciation in labor or material costs, or inflation of labor material costs, we've got are arms around, obviously, before we enter in -- before we put a shovel in the ground or close on a piece of property.

I appreciate the question. Good morning, R.J. The only part of the question I would take issue is deterioration. We are using major rating agencies in terms of denoting our investment-grade exposure. As you can see in our filings, Tractor Supply and Hobby Lobby are now our number 11 and 12 tenants respectively. Both of those retailers have very, very strong financials, effectively minimal or no debt.
We aren't going to impute credit ratings to them. Combined Tractor Supply and Hobby Lobby in our portfolio today are 4.2%. If you add that to the 46%, we are again north of 50%. We're not going to impute credit ratings. We're not going to come up with our own scoring system. We will continue to follow the major rating agencies.
Our focus in investing capital is on industry-leading retailers in the respective sectors, which we just discussed. Whether or not they have a credit rating, that won't drive our investment decisions. Another perfect example there is our Chick-fil-A in Frankfort, Kentucky. Again, an unrated company. Chick-fil-A is obviously a fantastic operator with an investment-grade balance sheet. But since they're unrated we aren't going to put them in the investment-grade pool.
Looking forward into the future, we're going to continue to operate by that same MO. We're going to acquire the best operators in those e-commerce and recession-resistant spaces where we feel comfortable that the brick-and-mortar foundation is an essential piece of their omni-channel retail experience. We're not going to allow an investment-grade credit rating or lack thereof drive our investment decision. I would -- today our investment-grade exposure is still the highest in the space. It's 100% retail to investment-grade exposure. You add in the 8% ground leases. I think by any measure our portfolio stacks up very well against, frankly, any other portfolio in the country today.

That's a great question, R.J.
We talked about what we think is the ideal size for this Company of $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion enterprise value, effectively doubling the size of this portfolio -- of the balance sheet once again. The reason we really get to that size, that $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion is we're comfortable and confident that we'll investment-grade credit rating at that time. We'll also have a balance sheet which can tolerate an index-eligible public bond. And we'll also be able to move the needle in a consistent basis through all three of our external growth platforms.
What you see this quarter is, frankly, what we believe is the next step in the evolution of this Company where we can deploy all three capabilities, in addition to a sizable balance sheet that's north of about $1.5 billion today in enterprise value. Where we can deploy those capabilities simultaneously, or concurrently, to really add value to a retailer in any point in their growth cycle. So that we have smaller projects in here, such as the Burger King. We have a larger projects in here, such as our first Camping World project. Any shape or size, as long as we're comfortable and confident that we're going to be -- have a partner with a retailer and be able to deploy our capabilities and invest a material amount of capital over the course of one year, three -- or one year and three years. I think you're going to see us take advantage of those opportunities and drive outsized returns for our shareholders.

I think, first, our tolerance for any single tenant concentration is what's called a gray line of approximately 5%. The only tenant who really is north of that today is Walgreens. As we talked about, they are down to 14% now. And that number will continue to decrease. In terms of a large single credit sale-leaseback, I'll be frank with you, that truly is not our MO. It's not in our, really, in our DNA or our business model to take on a massive or extremely large sale-leaseback with a single credit.
We look will to leverage our balance sheet and utilize our balance sheet in a sale-leaseback transaction when we feel like we have other opportunities to deploy capital with that perspective partner or tenant. So we'll do so on an opportunistic basis. I would expect us to continue for us to do that throughout the course of the year and upcoming quarters. But in terms of a large single credit sale-leaseback transaction, it really goes against our bottoms-up underwriting approach. I wouldn't anticipate any anything overly material on that front.

No, it really hasn't. I would tell you that it allows us, our improved cost of capital, most notably our improved cost of equity due to the stock price, allows us to look at transactions potentially different on the margin. But we really look at two things. We look at from 30,000 feet, we're looking at e-commerce resistance in an omni-channel future and recession resistance. And then our bottoms-up underwriting approach, we're really focused on the market dynamics, the four-wall performance of the store, the retail synergy, the price per pound. And really marking to market where that tenant is paying a rental rate. On the margin in terms of the portfolio transaction that we execute on in the quarter, I would tell you that it helps there.
You will not see us deviate from our historical underwriting approach. What you will see frankly is we'll benefit from wider spreads. So we don't feel like we have to chase cap rates down to 1031 market cap rates. We think we can continuously source opportunities across all three external growth platforms, frankly, that aren't related to market cap rates today.

That's fair. Yes.

We've been talking and working with Mr. Car Wash since prior to the REcon conference in Las Vegas in 2015. We've been working with Mr. Car Wash and their management team for about 18 months. The assets that we purchased are in Mississippi, Iowa and Colorado. We think we've built a good diversified portfolio of Mr. Car Wash locations. They are the leading operator in the space. They have a fantastic management team. And obviously a large sponsor in Leonard Green. Our focus, as we touched in the prepared remarks, will be to deploy our capabilities in partnership with Mr. Car Wash and continue to help them facilitate their expansion and their real estate operations.

That is working directly with Camping World, another retailer that we've got a great respect for and enjoy working with in partnership with. That came directly with Camping World who we've been working with for upwards of two years on different opportunities. And so our PCS platform can work with retailers as well as developers, similar to Meridian and our Burger King program with Meridian where we continue to enjoy that relationship. It is, again, another opportunity for us to invest capital at any point in any type of transaction in the retailer's growth cycle.

I wouldn't expect anything less of you, Dan, than to put us on the spot. Our development, we've been very clear about our development and partner capital solutions platform. We are typically, through the development side targeting a minimum of 250 basis points above market cap rates, or where we typically acquire we see a light kind product.
Our partner capital solutions platform falls in between our development returns and our acquisition returns. So in terms of the projects you have on here, I'd tell you that we have returns that have teens in front of them and we have returns that are substantially lower on a blended basis. Typically we're targeting almost approximately a 9% cap rate.

We think we're on track to achieve that increased guidance. We've talked about growing and building out and really scaling all three external growth platforms. So our initial guide of $175 million to $200 million didn't take into account the $80 million portfolio transaction. If you back that out we're effectively in the same targeted range of $175 million to $200 million from our increased guidance of $250 million to $275 million.
We're confident that our team, who's doing a fantastic job, can aggregate opportunities to the tune of $175 million to $200 million. Now, investment committee, we meet twice a week. We're constantly seeing new opportunities. We underwrite a few billion dollars a year in transactions. We are a single hitter. We are a sharpshooter. That guidance, I think, is right for what we see in the pipeline today, what we've closed on in the year. And we'll see what opportunities arise in the back half of this year later on.

Good morning, Craig.
I think we've got a great young and dynamic team here at the Company. Our analyst program continues to produce fantastic young additions to our team. We've built a leadership team that we have in place here with Matt, Dan Ravid, and Laith Hermiz that is experienced. And our middle management continues to grow and gain experience. We think the Company is currently staffed to continue to really grow all three platforms.
That said, we're always looking for young, talented and also experienced professionals to add to this team. Our goal is, frankly, is to build something great here. And we're always looking for opportunities to add team members.

We think we're very scalable as we stand today. We'll continue to execute. We'll also continue to always be in the market and looking at talent and looking for additions to this organization. I think that's probably necessary of any organization.

I would like to thank everybody for joining us this morning. And we look forward to speaking with you again when we report our Q3 results. Thank you, everybody.

Sure. So we have two movie theaters in our portfolio today; both are Carmikes. Obviously, those are pending the AMC acquisition, which I believe is scheduled to be approved in November.
We believe movie theaters are an aspect of a net lease portfolio. Movie theaters will continue to be a small minority, low single digits, in our portfolio in the aggregate, but in terms of experiential retail and e-commerce resistance and recession resistance, the movie theater industry has demonstrated pretty strongly that it is here to stay. So we have acquired two new movie theaters, both Carmikes, and we're happy with both acquisitions.

Sure, our acquisition pipeline remains strong. We continue to execute across all three platforms this year. During the quarter, we acquired a number of prototypical assets for us, really: Tractor Supply, PPG Paints, AutoZone, O'Reilly.
The one multitenant or multitenant net lease asset that we acquired was a Hobby Lobby, Party City, and PetSmart in Port Arthur, Texas, all brand-new leases, three boxes lined up on the hard corner, dominant retail thoroughfare, a fantastic piece of real estate, and we're excited to add all three of those tenants to our portfolio.

We really look at net lease retail a few different ways. Traditional single-tenant net lease retail freestanding boxes comprises the vast majority of our portfolio.
If we are able to acquire industry-leading retailers, such as Hobby Lobby, Party City, and PetSmart in Port Arthur, and they share our roof, parking lot, and walls, frankly that doesn't change our mentality.
So at times, we are able to improve yield. At times, we are able to work with existing relationships and potentially modify leases. We also use our partner capital solutions program as well in this arena, and so we have had some great opportunities to take advantage of what we traditionally call multitenant net lease assets, two or three junior boxes lined up.
And, frankly, we really like the real estate, so these are dominant retail thoroughfares. Again, this is the hard corner here in Port Arthur, Texas, and it is a fantastic piece of underlying real estate with retailers that you have difficulty acquiring on a freestanding basis.

Sure, so we have taken care of a significant piece of our lease maturities in 2017. 2016, we have none remaining. So 2017 and beyond are really our focus.
The early termination of the Off Broadway Shoes and the concurrent really expiration of the Off Broadway Shoes allowed us to expand that former box for Orchard Supply Hardware. This will be our second Orchard Supply Hardware in the portfolio, the first in Sunnyvale, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, both with Lowe's corporate guarantee, so fantastic credit, an exciting opportunity for us to really put one of the first Orchard Supplys in the ground in southeast Florida, in Boynton Beach.
So that takes care of approximately half of our lease expirations in 2017. We really have five remaining lease expirations in 2017. All of those tenants have extension options, and we are currently in communication with all of them, but nothing overly material. So our 2017 lease expiration schedule is in fantastic shape right now.

No, we really don't have any known moveouts today in 2017 or 2018, and we are spending -- our asset management team, led by Laith Hermiz, our COO, is spending a lot of time on both near- and medium-term lease expirations.
We are constantly in communication with all of our tenants, understanding how their stores are performing, what they're seeing in the market. And so, our active asset management is really focused on being in front and aware of tenant store-level performance and how they are performing in context of their districts and their market.
So, nothing known today. Most of these tenants all have options. We expect most of these tenants to exercise their options. In some instances, frankly, we would prefer if they don't. So we have got some fantastic pieces of real estate that are encumbered by leases, including the lease -- the Kmart lease in Frankfort, Kentucky, which is a fantastic piece of property maturing in 2018. So, we have got some opportunities in there and we look forward to addressing them.

I'd tell you fourth quarters are always interesting. At times, you have flurry of activity, typically really driven by tax-motivated sellers. And at times, fourth quarters can be calm and people can actually enjoy the holiday season.
So, I tell you this year our fourth quarter is shaping up to be similar to our previous quarters this year, to be a strong quarter for us. Frankly, a lot of our pipeline we're not sure at this point whether it will be fourth-quarter or first-quarter closing. It is just simply too early to tell. But we have a number of opportunities across all three platforms that we are actively working on.

No, we specifically targeted those assets. And all three assets we have sold to date, Walgreens assets that we sold to date for sale and marketed them with brokers. These were all sold to 1031 purchasers.
We really look at our Walgreens portfolio and all assets, we look at store-level performance, demographic trends, the residuals on the real estate, obviously the store sales and the remaining lease term. And from then, prior to coming into 2016, we targeted specific assets as disposition candidates.

Yes, I would expect one or two similar dispositions to close during the fourth quarter.

Good morning, R.J. Look, we really haven't seen any material cap rate compression or expansion in the last 12 to 18 months. We have really seen cap rates maintain a pretty steady level. There is aggressive bids out there, driven by 1031 all-cash purchasers, as well as an institutional bid for higher price point assets.
I've always said we're not the best indicator or prognosticator of the market. We have larger peers, who have much larger data sets, because we are really exploiting asymmetrical opportunities out there, leveraging our relationships, the information that we have, and looking for above-market opportunities. That said, we haven't seen any major disruption or vacillation in any cap rates.

That's a good question, R.J. We look at the ATM as another tool in our tool belt. It's an effective and cost-efficient way for us to raise equity capital. It gives us the ability to match fund purchases in capital deployment, so it's a good tool in that regard.
In terms of overall ATM usage, we are very cognizant of the market. We are cognizant of the float of our stock, and so the last thing we would want to do is use the ATM to impact share prices.
So, the ATM has been an effective tool for us. We will continue to look to use the ATM in quarters in the future, potentially, but it doesn't replace equity on a traditional overnight basis, but it really supplements our existing tool belts.

Sure, so rent bumps very obviously asset by asset. I tell you in the development pipeline, specifically traditional bumps are somewhere between 5% and 10% every five years. Typically, those are 20-year leases in the development pipeline.
On the acquisition side, frankly, it is all over the board. We have assets that we've acquired that have annual bumps. We have assets that have 10% bumps every five that we've acquired. It really depends on the very nature of the underlying lease, the tenant, and then, frankly, what we are doing potentially in conjunction with the retailer on that [lease].

First, good morning, David, and thanks for joining us. I enjoyed reading your initiation on the Company.
So, what we have talked about historically over the past couple quarters is a medium-term goal of deploying $50 million to $100 million in the ground on an annual basis through our development and partner capital solutions programs.
The real governor on that is, of course, relationships. This is a relationship business. Every site has its own entitlements, has its own seller, has its own lease, and so our focus is expanding, as I think everyone has seen that we've been able to accomplish this quarter, existing relationships, as well as creating new programmatic relationships where we can be the developer or partner of choice and bring the full value proposition that this Company brings to the table.
Now being the only publicly traded net lease retail developer, we bring a balance sheet afforded to us by the public capital markets, but we also bring the expertise of a private developer. And so, retailers and our development partners understand that, and our goal is to continue to grow and scale both our partner capital solutions, as well as the development platform.

We hope so. We have been actively working with Burger King corporate, a number of Burger King franchisees. I think the Meridian program has really been a model for Burger King franchisees to really show how we can really parlay our expertise and our capital into helping facilitate their store expansion. So, the Meridian program has been a very fruitful program.
At the same time, outside of the franchisee world we are working with retailers, such as Camping World on the new Georgetown, Kentucky, ground-up project and the Orchard Supply Hardware in Boynton Beach, Florida. So we're working with a number of retailers across retail sectors, focusing on being able to create value for them and put shovels in the ground.

Yes, there is a number of sectors that we are consistently focused on increasing exposure, and it all starts for us with that omnichannel/e-commerce lens that we approach retail with. Recession resistance is pretty natural for us. I said before, we are not acquiring Neiman Marcus or Tiffany's.
So our focus is on discounters. It is on auto parts, auto service, health and fitness, specialty retail, quick-service restaurants, convenience stores, and so those experiences in those brick-and-mortar destinations that frankly necessitate that brick-and-mortar presence and that aren't going to be translated over to e-commerce -- those sales won't be translated over to e-commerce anytime soon.

First, good morning, Craig. Our Walgreens exposure has been a focus for us that has come down, obviously, significantly this year and over the past two years.
Our focus in the medium term will bring any tenant, inclusive of Walgreens, below that gray line of 5%. Near term, we would anticipate Walgreens below 10% as we continue to grow the portfolio and selectively dispose of assets.
As you mentioned, those are great spreads. You're talking about 250 basis-point spreads via disposition and redeployment into our acquisition platform. I'd tell you at the same time the spreads between the development, 9% and 10% year one unlevered returns, and 5.5% cap dispositions, we are talking about 400 basis points on average, and you can see those numbers flowing through our net income.
So we are creating value on the development side. We are able to recycle those assets and redeploy it on an accretive basis into our acquisition, development, and partner capital solutions platform.
So, we are focused on continuing to create the highest quality, most diversified retail portfolio in the net lease space. In order to do that, we will have to bring down any outsized concentrations over the course of time here.

Craig, it is really so tough because of really the bifurcation driven by price points in our space. When you get under $2 million, $3 million, you have all-cash purchasers acquiring fast food operations on a ground lease or a turnkey, typically franchise operators in the low 6 caps today.
And so, it is really difficult just to look at one set of criteria, investment grade or no, on a binary basis and drive to a cap rate.
What we are seeing, generally speaking, if you remove price point, if you remove real estate and real estate attributes and you fix lease term, we are basically seeing, call it, 150 to 200 basis-point spread there today.

I wish we did. I will tell you that's the most attractive portfolio we have seen since the launch of our acquisition platform in 2010. We have never seen a diversified portfolio with the credit quality, the lease term, and the geographic concentration, specifically in California, as that portfolio. We wait impatiently for the next one, but, frankly, that was a very unique opportunity and one that we seized upon very quickly.

And with that, we would like to thank everybody for joining us here today, and we look forward to speaking with you again next year when we report our year-end and fourth-quarter results. Thank you, everybody.

Good morning.

Sure. Just a little color on our fourth-quarter acquisitions, we acquired a number of O'Reilly's, continue to invest in the auto-parts sector. We're a big fan of O'Reilly's business. We acquired a Tire Kingdom; our first ever T.J. Maxx we acquired, from an acquisition perspective, in Aurora, Colorado; Michael's, Party City, Sherwin-Williams, PPG Paint. So we're really, again, just a continuation of the focus on recession-resistant and eCommerce retailers. Really diversified throughout -- geographically throughout the country. Does that give you some color, Ki Bin?

Retailers vary with base terms across the board. Your typical O'Reilly's transaction or AutoZone transaction will be a 20-year base term. A T.J. Maxx or a Michael's, Party City, junior boxes will typically be 10-year base terms.
We don't look at the weighted average lease term, honestly, as a battle for us. We are focused on the underlying real estate. We are focused on retaining and residuals and marking to market rents. So while we are cognizant of our weighted average lease term, we don't necessarily view it as a battle.

(Multiple speakers) that is really the challenge. We are really talking about having four remaining leases in 2017, which are historic legacy leases. Our only maturity in 2016 or lease renewal which was significant was the Off Broadway Shoes in Boynton Beach, Florida, which we are currently expanding and redeveloping for Lowe's, it was for Orchard Supply Hardware.
So the lease renewals to date inclusive of 2017 where we have really four lease renewals and a couple of billboards located on those properties are de minimus. We're already making significant progress on 2017, 2018, and as you heard in the prepared remarks, going forward in the future. But as that number becomes more material, given renewals and spreads, that is something that we will definitely consider.

Thank you, Ki Bin.

Good morning, Collin. How are you doing?

Our acquisition pipeline remains strong. I'll tell you that our pipeline across all three platform has some exciting and some unique opportunities; we look forward to talking about those in future quarters this year.
In terms of pricing, we're doing everything we can to move pricing. I think cap rates, obviously, haven't budged too much. I think you've heard from -- the predecessors and our peers on their calls.
We are opportunistic. We like being the call of last resort. We like being the first call. We don't like being the second through fourth call.
So we are working through our relationships. We are working on a number of opportunities where we think we can drive historically out-of-market cap rates or rates of return. And so we will see how cap rates trend really through 2017, but we haven't seen any movement yet.

Yes. I think we will be in line over the course of the year with our historic acquisition opportunities. That said, look, the 10-year and the change in the 10-year could drive cap rates incrementally higher through the year. Obviously, we believe there should be a correlation, and we are going to fight as hard as we can to push for that.

I think from a modeling perspective going forward into 2017, we are thinking between 5.5% and 6.5% is probably a good range. We're going to be focused on similar disposition type activity that we were in 2016, and maybe making some opportunistic dispositions on lower tier or lower quality assets in 2017 as well. We've obviously gone through the portfolio and targeted those assets for disposition, but we also feel the opportunistic -- in-bound opportunistic calls on dispositions as well.

3G, RBI's parent, is a very well-regarded sponsor. We've been down and spent a lot of time down in Miami specifically at Burger King's headquarters. The work that they have done there is very impressive. We spent a less amount of time with Tim Hortons, both from a corporate and a franchise perspective.
I think they bring a very unique, a dynamic approach. Obviously, much has been written about 3G and their corporate -- underlying corporate philosophies. They are operationally excellent. Obviously, we don't have any Popeye's in our portfolio today, but it could be an opportunity for us in the future, nothing that we're working on currently. Obviously, that's brand new.
In terms of our relationship with Meridian, our relationship with Meridian is great. Meridian is a fantastic operator of Burger King. We are excited for these new stores that we've worked hand in hand with Meridian to get open and to get performance under their belt. These are obviously new prototype Burger Kings.
We're also working with other franchisees on similar, as well as dissimilar, programs. Again, our focus is leveraging all three of our capabilities, acquisition development, and partner capital solutions, identifying the best franchisees, and really in leading flags. And then working with them and creating value through our Business while they operate hopefully successful stores for years to come.

Thank you, Collin.

Good morning, George.

Well, I wouldn't read into any starts in Q4. Traditionally, winter weather isn't the greatest time to start a development project just because of frost in the ground and applicable frost laws. So I wouldn't look at Q4 starts; typically those will tick down.
Our pipeline looks good. I am more excited about our shadow pipeline. And Laith Hermiz and Craig Willian, our COO and VP of Development, respectively, are working hard to continue building our pipeline, both with existing tenants as well as growing our pipeline with new and exciting tenants.
As I talked about in the prepared remarks, again, leveraging our capabilities, we think that there are some opportunities from a relationship perspective. We know there are opportunities that we are working on today that we hope to talk about in more specifics in the near future, where you will see, again, that dual approach, potentially on a sale leaseback basis or a historic sales leaseback partner getting new and exciting projects in the ground and expanding those relationships.

Yes. This is, again, an exciting opportunity for us. Those were all newly acquired properties, traditional blend and extends which we have referenced historically the ability to recast 5.5-year leases out to 15 years, fully new leases with a leading operator, and the farm and rural supply. I think everybody is seeing that tenant jump up in our tenant roster. We have also done the same with a leading operator in the discount apparel space, which we are very excited about.
So again, the value creation, leveraging our relationships with these retailers, some of them which go back 10 years and 20 years, some of them which are new. Our team's done really a fantastic job identifying opportunity, and then creating value.
So again, we are not a financier in the net lease space. Our MO, our DNA is to create value across all three platforms, and this is really a window into what we were able to accomplish here.
The concessions, I think you asked about, in terms of granting concessions were minimal, really none. These were high performing stores, some of which were targeted by our retail partners for us to acquire, others which were opportunities we brought to that specific retailer. And they were amenable to staying long term.

Good morning, David.

Sure. So the short answer is yes. There are existing tenants which we have either acquired on a sale leaseback or third-party basis which we are actively working on in our pipeline to put shovels in the ground. Nothing to disclose as of to date.
Yields for us have remained consistent on the development front with our historical yields. And so, again, I hate to sound repetitive, but really leveraging one platform to create value with the other platform, showing retailers a full service value solution that, frankly, nobody else in our space can present to them. We are not just an acquirer; we are a developer, and we can also finance opportunities.
We have seen the Camping World -- our Camping World relationship come to fruition with a partner capital solutions and a development project currently in the ground in Georgetown, Kentucky. Everyone has seen what we have done with Meridian and the sale-leaseback at the end of 2014, and now our exciting platform with them, which continues to grow. So we think there is opportunities with those tenants. We're actively working on them, and we hope to be able to talk about them in quarters to come.

Thanks.

Yes, it's a good question, Rob. I think the 10% number for us, and that is pro forma for the Rite Aid acquisition at year-end 2017, that is our target. We plan to execute to that target. It will be both inclusive of dispositions, and we've identified stores that are disposition candidates and are active in terms of that pipeline.
Again, predicting dispositions and timing and realization of those transactions becomes difficult because we are typically selling those into the 1031 market. The appetite for those assets is robust. We will take advantage to both improve our Walgreens, as well as our sector diversification, but also our geographic diversification. And I think everybody here is aligned to continue to execute similar to 2016.
We have reduced -- I noted in the prepared remarks, we have reduced our Walgreens concentration, our pharmacy concentration, and our Michigan concentration markedly in 2016. Our asset management team did a fantastic job there, and we expect the same results in 2017.

So, Rob, you went out on us in the middle of that call. I assume the question was, on a forward-looking basis, what do we intend to do in terms of sector diversification in those targets; is that correct?

I got it. So if you look at what we've done historically, I think you -- again, we started with that eCommerce resistance mindset and the recession-resistance mindset. If you look at our historical transaction activity and the trends, I think those are the best indicator of future performance for us. So obviously you mentioned the reduction in pharmacy. That will continue to come.
In terms of sectors which we are focused on and have been focused on, grocery, auto service, health and fitness, home improvement, craft and novelties, farm and rural supply. We have talked about that. Convenience store, auto parts, discount stores, home furnishings, entertainment retail -- these are sectors that we feel confident, and then we target the premier operators in those sectors across all three aspects of our Business.
But I would tell you that our past performance again is the best indicator of what we're going to do in the future. We talked about -- we gave some color on the acquisition activity right there in Q4, those tenants in those sectors. We're going to continue that trend. We firmly believe that we are on the right path, and now we've got to execute to it.

That doesn't bother me from a sector diversification. The key is the operators that we are tied to.
If you look at our grocery exposure today, it is dominated by industry leaders in the deep discount grocery space, and that has really been our focus. So that's Aldi. Those are Cash and Carry's, which are smart and final. Dollar General Market, Giant Eagle, HEB in Texas, those are really -- Walmart Neighborhood Market in Vero Beach, Florida, where we have a ground lease to Walmart.
We are really focused on the industry leaders. We are not interested in second- or third-tier small regional operators who are challenged in a historically 2% business of groceries. While we don't have a problem increasing exposure specific to those two sectors that you identified, the key for us is really where that exposure lays in terms of tenant quality.

Thanks, Rob.

Morning.

The range really stems across the board for us. We don't report on an individual asset basis, but our historical targets are in the upper mid- and upper-7%s on a cash basis, and then kind of follow it in the yields, historical yields both for the quarter as well as the year.

Sure. So, Walgreens dispositions are typically driven by the 1031 market. Short-term Walgreens are difficult to finance for 1031 purchasers, unless they are strong store sales or extremely underlying real estate.
All of the Walgreens that we disposed, we developed essentially in the mid-2000s. Typically, those are 20- or 25-year base term. So you are looking at mid-teens, typical on average, anywhere between, call it, 13 and 16 years typically.

Good morning, Craig.

And, Craig, let me add that we will opportunistically access the capital markets. We are not overly focused, to be honest, on quarterly results. Our goal is to put this Company in a position with a fortified balance sheet on a go-forward basis, minimize risk, drive per-share growth, and put the Company in a position to continue to execute on our operating strategy with the medium-term goals that we've laid out on previous calls.
So it was an opportunistic transaction in Q4 to hit the equity markets. It put us in the position in 2017 to execute on our strategy without having to go back to the equity markets. And with the risk that we see, the macro risks as well as the global risks that we see out there today, we think it was a good decision to make.

From a 30,000-foot perspective on our balance sheet, we'll always -- like most REITs and our peers -- utilize our newly expanded credit facility for working capital across all three of our platforms, and then opportunistically tap the permanent debt typically on an unsecured long-term basis, and the equity markets to find the right balance. I think that is typical of any net lease REITs, and most REITs in the space. We have efficient access to all four quadrants of capital today given the size of the enterprise, and we will opportunistically execute and tap those markets to put ourselves in a position on a go-forward basis. Anything you want to add there, Matt?

We have three Academy Sports in our portfolio today. Those are all -- were all long-term acquisitions or partner capital solutions projects we transacted on historically. Obviously, everyone is aware of the purported challenges of Gander, most recently a regional operator, MC Sports, filed for bankruptcy.
I personally believe, and we have anecdotal, as well as direct evidence to support, that the real challenges today in the overall sporting goods industry is in a lot of the apparel that they are selling as well. If you walk into a number of retailers today, inclusive of Dick's Sporting Goods, you look to the left and you see an Under Armour section. You look to the right, you see a Nike section. Obviously, Under Armour is trying to reposition their branding strategy today, per Kevin Plank's recent comments. You can buy Under Armour, you can buy Nike direct in a Nike store. You can buy it online, you can buy it at JCPenney, you can buy it at Kohl's, T.J. Maxx. I think that's the true challenge.
We particularly like Academy Sports, and we're extremely fond of their business, one, because they're a regional sporting good operator, and we believe it's much easier to merchandise a regional from a regional perspective. The sporting goods that people buy in California versus Texas and Michigan are vastly divergent. They are very well respected within the space by both their peers, as well as those that cover the company from a merchandising approach.
I'd tell you, we are not overly focused on the sporting good industry. You haven't seen us add a sporting good operator really in I think about 24 months. That said, if we find unique opportunities to add value at outsized returns, and we like the underlying real estate, we are by no means red-lining it. I'll tell you, it is not a focus, and I didn't list it earlier in the sectors that we are focused on, on a go-forward basis.

Thanks, Craig.

Good morning.

Sure. There was a recent paper you may have read, a white paper on Amazon relative to AutoZone, O'Reilly, as well as Advance Auto Parts, price comparisons across their merchandising assortment. I think there is a lot of speculation, and justified speculation, upon Amazon's infringement into basically every retail sector today. They continue to disrupt and continue to innovate, and I think anybody who is wholly focused on only their defensive core from a retail perspective and isn't out there executing from offensive capabilities could be challenged by Amazon.
We look at the auto-parts space, it's really driven by two consumers. That's the do-it-yourself customer, as well as the commercial sales to traditional dealerships, body shops, et cetera. We are very fond of both AutoZone, as well as O'Reilly, to a lesser degree Advance Auto Parts as they turn around their business.
These are well-regarded companies with very strong balance sheets, loyal customers. We continue to believe there are shipping constraints, both from a cost perspective but as well as a timing perspective, for your do-it-yourself customer as well as commercial customers. If you look forward with all the opportunities in the retail landscape, I think auto parts probably won't be Amazon's number-one priority.
So there is something to the experience of walking into a brick-and-mortar store and talking to somebody, talking to a salesperson that is both knowledgeable and can walk you through the selection of merchandise, and then to really have your hands on those specific auto parts on a timely basis. We aren't overly concerned. We think there is an experience to walking into an auto-parts store. We're focused on retailers that provide for that experience, and we think it fits with our 30,000-foot perspective.

Yes. It's a great question. I think Amazon's disruption in the grocery space is a larger priority for them, and is also a bigger concern for the overall sector. Amazon is currently testing and/or about to test a couple of freestanding grocery stores, approximately 15,000 square feet. It's out there in the public realm today. We think that is a real threat to typically urban grocery. And our focus on deep discount grocery traditionally is more suburban grocery.
We would love -- Amazon, if anyone from Amazon is listening, we would love to, and we have engaged, but we would love to be a part of that, and we see the ability for net lease to continue to be an opportunistic vehicle for eCommerce, traditional eCommerce retailers to open freestanding stores. And just to touch on that quickly, we firmly believe that net lease is an important future in an omnichannel retail environment.
Net lease allows for pick-up windows. Net lease allows for quick delivery and access for commercial trucks. And if you're going to have delivery and access, which most retailers need, with loading docks, and if you are going to have a pick-up window, which retailers are very focused, inclusive of Amazon, Walmart, and a number of other major national retailers, you effectively need three sides of a building exposed. You can't be in line in a shopping center or enclosed in a mall.
A net lease format allows for visibility, access, signage, pick up, delivery, parking, and all of the fundamental real estate attributes that are required for an omnichannel retail strategy in the 21st Century. So we think net lease is in the wheel house for the future of retail, and we are excited about the opportunities that we are aware of today and the opportunities that could be presented in the future.

When you ask about slipping into the fourth quarter, are you talking about unannounced projects (multiple speakers)?

Well, I think we have plenty of time throughout the course of 2017 to announce new projects over the second, third, and fourth quarters. Are you focused on rent commencements or construction?

My apologies. I follow you. Our traditional approach has been to not announce a project until it is effectively shovel-ready, and we have commenced and mobilized -- our general contractors commenced and mobilized on site. We've got a number of projects that we will hopefully announce yet this year that would be delivered before or during the fourth quarter this year.

Thank you, Dan.

Good morning, R.J. We look at tenant credit. We're cognizant of tenant credit. We have historically had a very high percentage of investment-grade credit obviously in the portfolio. Disposing of Walgreens is obviously if we redeploy into an unrated or a sub-investment-grade retailer is a net negative. That said, the Walgreens acquisition of Rite Aid will be a net positive.
We have talked about it on prior calls. Obtaining investment-grade credit rating, by no means, is the be-all, end-all. I mean, Hobby Lobby is the ninth largest tenant in our portfolio. It is a huge company privately held with zero debt. Tractor Supply, again, is an unrated top operator in the farm and rural supply category for us, 2.3% of rents at 2016, doesn't have a credit rating because they effectively have no debt except some short-term obligations but is a fantastic operation.
We are cognizant of credit. We are cognizant of lease term, as we discussed. But at the same term, look, we are not going to allow 30,000-foot metrics to drive our fundamental real estate decisions across all three platforms.

Hobby Lobby and Tractor Supply, as everybody can see in our tenants, it's approaching 5% aggregate between the two. If you add that to our investment-grade exposure, you are effectively where we were in 2015 or 2014. And then if you truly layer in our ground lease portfolio, which I would tell you is a margin of safety beyond just an investment-grade credit rating, plus the portfolio is 100% retail. There is no office, there is no industrial or other exposure. We are confident this is a best-in-class portfolio any way you look at it.

We pass on things on a weekly basis. Our investment committee meets twice a week. We pass on a lot more than we acquire. Our acquisition team will be the first to remind us of that.
There is a number of transactions that we have passed on, and typically the driver -- everyone here is very cognizant of our approach to value creation and yield. But the driver of a number of those opportunities that we pass upon -- I don't want to call out any retailers on here today, but the driver is that they don't fit our 30,000-foot approach to eCommerce and recession resistance. Everybody here is focused on high quality real estate.
I'll tell you also but that perspective continues to change. By no means are we fixed. We continue to learn more. I think the marketplace continues to learn more.
The equity markets in terms of retailers are forward-looking and looking at the threat of Amazon and eCommerce. We look at it as also -- as I mentioned earlier, as an opportunity to engage with new retailers who maybe were historically brick and -- historically didn't have brick-and-mortar operations but are coming into the space. It is an approach that consistently changes. We are open to learning, and we challenge ourselves to continue to identify where the market -- we think the market is going in the future.

That transaction in 2016 was a fantastic transaction for us. Obviously it increased our volume outside of our guidance in 2016, hence the raise in guidance. We are always looking at portfolios. We see a number of opportunities. That portfolio was very unique because of the California exposure and the relationships with the tenants that we had typically in that portfolio.
We are always looking at opportunities. We have an investment committee today. I am sure there will be more interesting opportunities hopefully to look at.
In terms of our guidance for this year of $200 million to $225 million, if you back out [the $80 million] portfolio that we acquired last year, we effectively end up at the mid-point of the guidance that we have given. It is still early in the year. We are pleased with our pipeline to date, and we are going to be continually focused to find the best opportunities available to us

Thank you, R.J.

Good morning, Michael.

Certainly. And first, I thank you for the compliments. I'll tell you, when I came to the Company and I took the helm of the Company, I won't take credit for the balance sheet. This Company has always had a conservative mindset.
I think my father drilled it into my head about conservatism and balance sheet, and the trials and tribulations people have had with leverage since I was in kindergarten. And so I was taught and inherited that disciplined mentality to a balance sheet. So I want to make sure credit is given where credit is due there.
From a corporate governance perspective, we have taken a number of critical steps to improve our corporate governance, and the Board, and I don't want to speak on behalf of all Board members, but as one of them, the Board is constantly focused on improving this Company. We have added three really fantastic Board members in the past few years. John Rakolta, Merrie Frankel, and Jerry Rossi are of the highest quality additions, who provide a significant amount of value to this Company, and we are very thankful and grateful for their participation, as a Director of this Company.
Last year in the proxy, we committed to implement a formal executive compensation plan. This year, it has been adopted this week, and you can see the filing. I'll tell you, we are consistently and we are committed to improving really everything we do, including corporate governance. I will be honest with you, I would be reticent to tell Board members that they have been here too long or they are too old to serve on our Board given the nature of the quality of their participation.
That said, I would take the opportunity to thank Gene Silverman who is stepping down from our Board for Merrie Frankel to effectively take his seat. We're talking about people that have been -- road through the transformation of this Company, and were supportive and directive and instructive in that transformation. And we wouldn't want to do anything to diminish their contributions.
Corporate governance is something that we are focused on. We have made some market improvements, and we will continue to make those improvements.

I can tell you some of the history. I think -- personally, I think an age limit -- I'm not sure if I would personally be in favor of a hard cap for age. I really just don't care for the approach that somebody is too old to contribute, especially today with life expectancies. I know people that are working well into their 70s that are highly successful.
I'll tell you that an age limit, personally, rubs me the wrong way. Maybe it's because I am a young CEO, and I like the wisdom and experience that those people bring. That is specific to the age limit.
In terms of the staggered Board, that was historically in place to allow for the transformation of this Company, that you correctly brought up. Potentially without those attributes, they have enabled the transformation of this portfolio, the growth of this portfolio, the transformation of the Company. I would tell you have contributed -- potentially contributed to shareholder activism, whether it is warranted or unwarranted, that has led to returns that are on top of the net lease space over the short term, medium term, as well as five-year returns.
That said, Michael, I don't want to say that we are not focused on continuing to improve corporate governance, because we are, and we are taking those steps. This is a small company. There is 26 full-time employees; we are focused on a lot of stuff. But the Board -- discussions, and it is something we will continue to discuss and continue to improve.

Got it. So it's really one thing that has held us back from providing that guidance. And I think for most analysts and investors in this Company with the stability of cash flow, like you mentioned, driving to a number isn't overly challenging. I'd tell you today, I don't believe the Company is necessarily large enough to provide for that guidance. We are focused on the retail real estate net lease business. We're not a financier. We're not an aggregator.
The most important thing from my perspective is that we are never engaging in investment activity to meet any levels of guidance. We are opportunistic, both on the front end as well as the back end of transactions, and I want my team here to be focused on finding the best opportunities, to negotiating to the best of their strengths, not viewing this as an institutional buy-side or development-side mentality, but to be focused on retail real estate fundamentals and finding the best deals in the market.
We are out there really looking -- I wouldn't call it for a needle in a haystack, but a needle in a hay bale. I want to focus from an entrepreneurial perspective. It's part of our DNA and our core values. I want them focused on the best deals.
And if that is $150 million in deals in a year or $500 million in deals in a year, the biggest driver to our earnings, to FFO and AFFO, is timing of those transactions coming online and volume, but also when we raise any type of capital, whether it is equity or debt. And there is significant variability because of those factors. That has historically been my concern on a company with a [$1.65 billion] enterprise value. Frankly, I'm not certain that we are large enough to maintain that DNA but to be able to provide useful guidance to the street.

No, it's a great question, and I personally spend a lot of time thinking and working directly on it. In terms of ski hills, what was the other, golf courses -- .

Never happening. Not our core competency. Not what this Company is focused on today or in my future. We have acquired our first couple movie theaters. We talked about, I believe, on the last earnings call that movie theaters, we think there is a place in a minority position in a net lease portfolio. We will not become the movie theater REIT.
We won't be acquiring golf or ski hills because we don't believe in -- we don't believe it's, one, in our core competency where we're able to drive to a residual value in underlying real estate. Frankly, it is not our core competency to evaluate the residual value in that underlying real estate.
Your question is a great one is how do you mold the future of retail with the future of the economy, which will have its ups and downs on a cyclical as well as a structural basis? We think we've done a very good job targeting the retailers in these spaces that are the leaders in the spaces. It used to be retailers could have three in a category. Today that's very challenging given the Internet and Amazon. We didn't have any Sports Authorities, we didn't have any Logan's or MC Sports or Family Christian Stores, four retailers that have filed. We don't have any hhgregg's, we don't have any Gander's, and so I think we've done a pretty good job.
That said, we have to focus on industry leaders in spaces that we believe have an experience to the shopping component. That can be from Apple to Costco to T.J. Maxx who we have great affinity for, or are in the middle of those two. There are a number of those brick-and-mortar retailers which we are highly focused on. That experience, as I touched on earlier, can be shopping at an auto-parts store and talking to a clerk in an auto-parts store and understanding how a part works in context of somebody's automobile.
And so it's a number of factors; it is not a binary approach by any means. Retail is changing. We think we are at the front of the net lease space in the retail space to understand how retail is changing, and we are committed to continuously self-evaluating it in the future. Does that make sense?

Thank you, Michael.

I believe it is one, only one.

Yes. Typically, there are tenants that want to expand. There are tenants that have right of first refusals. But in terms of an option to purchase, as you saw with 84 Lumber, there is just one.

Just a little overall context for the portfolio. We have 130 properties that report sales. So it's about a third of the portfolio that report sales. We have 60 properties -- 60 properties which the tenants report financials. Again, the vast majority of our tenants are publicly traded, and so you can see their financials online.
In terms of the unit-level coverage, our unit-level coverage for the tenants that report -- that we received reporting for last year was 3.1 times. Again, we're not a financier. We acquire and develop and participate in our partner capital solutions program, typically with national and super-regional retailers that don't report. That said, the minority of the portfolio reports, and we are very satisfied with how they are performing to date.

It's actually a very good question, Ki Bin. I'd tell you that how we talk about leveraging relationships with tenants is very divergent from our peers talking about leveraging relationships with their tenants or the repeat business that we hear our peers talk about. I would tell you in the sale leaseback world, we're talking about sophisticated multi-million-dollar transactions, which typically bankers are involved. The leveraging relationships to achieve out-of-market cap rates on sale leaseback is probably a minority outcome.
When we talk about leveraging relationships with tenants, we're talking about doing a sale-leaseback with a tenant or developing for a tenant, building out that relationship, and then expanding that relationship to one of our other three primary or external growth platforms. I will revert back to Meridian. Meridian was a sale-leaseback in -- at the end of 2014. I believe it was in December 2014. It was a sale-leaseback. At the time, I wouldn't say that we were the only person that looked at the sale-leaseback, only party that looked at it. But we are the only party in the net lease space, traded or non-traded, that can be a development and a partner capital solutions partner for that retailer on a go-forward basis because of the unique capabilities that we have and our development track record.
Similar with Camping World, the partner capital solutions project in Tyler, Texas. We are the only net lease REIT that can be in the ground developing ground-up in Georgetown, Kentucky, for Camping World. So when we talk about leveraging relationships, we're talking about leveraging relationships to expand our capabilities with that tenant and to come up with different transactional structures in our three external growth platforms, not necessarily to do the next deal with them in the same platform. Does that make sense?

Thanks, Ki Bin.

Thank you. And with that, we would like to thank everybody for joining us here today. We look forward to speaking when we report our first-quarter results. Thank you very much.

So we're focused on -- to continue to scale both, both our Partner Capital Solutions program as well as our organic development platform. Of note, winter months, typically in northern climates, aren't a great time to commence projects. But we're excited about some of the opportunities in there and both our partners, our PCS as well our development platform, some new tenants as well as existing tenants in our portfolio. Different sectors, but sectors that we're focused on growing our exposure in context of e-commerce and recession resistance.

No. I think there's the opportunity for us to add at least a couple of projects this quarter, in Q2. If not Q2, early in Q3. So we look forward to getting some shovels in the ground. And commensurate with that, we will announce those projects.

Yes. We -- really no material changes to our watch list. We continue to monitor the Walgreens-Rite Aid transaction; don't have any information that isn't publicly available. Rite Aid, the largest tenant, really the material tenant on our watch list. At the same time, we're watching the evolution of retail. Our mission is to stay in front of that evolution of retail. We see the opportunity to continue to improve the portfolio through our 3 external growth platforms, as well as the opportunity to divest of assets, opportunistically take advantage of cap rates and valuations throughout the remainder of 2017. So that's really -- our focus is to maintain what we believe is the highest quality net leased retail portfolio out there today.

No. I'd refer back to my answer versus Nick. We think if there's an opportunity for us to continue to improve portfolio of quality on the asset level, specifically take advantage of cap rate, monetize and recycle some proceeds given the cap rate environment out there today. And I think it's incumbent upon us to be proactive asset managers. And so given our disposition guidance of $20 million to $50 million, we think we really telegraph that to the street and we're going to execute on that. Specific to Walgreens, the Ann Arbor sale was really akin to selling 2 Walgreens assets. It was a $10 million deal. I think everybody noted in the prepared remarks over a $4.5 million gain. That asset specifically was over $600,000 in rental income. Frankly, it was not a strong performer, it wasn't a wrap, so it was off the hard corner. And we still own the 2 dominant Walgreens in the Ann Arbor MSA. So I would look forward to us continuing to divest of Walgreens assets, reduce that exposure below that 10% threshold that we've been very clearly -- that we very clearly communicated to investors but also look to continuously improve portfolio quality.

Yes, a de minimis increase, I would tell you. So there was a number of early lease extensions in that leasing activity. We're talking about 2% to 2.5%, typically increases from a base rental perspective. So really, it was proactive asset management as we noted in the prepared remarks. We really have de minimis expirations remaining through this year, and we're really focused on 2018 at this time.

I would tell you that there's the potential for 1 or 2 redevelopments in 2018, either densifying existing sites or potentially some opportunities to increase rental rates as well as credit quality in those assets. And we're focused on 2018 as I mentioned now.

Not at this time, it's early. I would tell you that there could be potential opportunity on an asset basis on the ground lease all the way to turnkey. So we're early to really announce anything there. But like I said, we're focused on '18 and any embedded opportunities within the portfolio, both from an [ outlaw ] perspective as well as the primary piece.

It's a good question. I'll tell you that the first quarter may be boring to some. But I think we see a continued and a consistent pattern of execution. In terms of our acquisition guidance, the governor really is opportunity dependent. And as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we have an acquisition team, which is now 5 people, which is growing and experiencing capabilities on a quarterly basis, we're excited with the growth of the team on the individual as well as the group level. I'll tell you that our pipeline, as we discussed in the prepared remarks, is strong. The number of opportunities that we're seeing, the qualified number of opportunities that we're seeing, continues to ramp up and increase. And frankly, our ability and the knowledge of Agree in the net lease market has increased by a factor of a multiple there. So in terms of the existing guidance for $200 million to $255 million, we're confident we're going to strike within that guidance. We're clearly on pace and we clearly see the ability to execute to that throughout the course of the remainder of the year. And if we -- at the top end or the -- if we increase that guidance or at the top end of that guidance it's because we find a number of qualified opportunities that frankly hit within our wheelhouse.

Sure. I don't have the quarterly numbers from 2016. But the investment committee saw $2.5 billion of activity again. So we're at $1.2 billion effectively year-to-date, $2.5 billion over the course of the full year in 2016. I'll tell you, our ability to be disciplined and selective only improves as our cost of capital improves. And so we're out there looking for opportunities across all 3 external growth platforms that fit within the continued execution that we've laid out to investors with a top-down perspective of that e-commerce and recession-resistant retail sectors and then securing opportunities with the industry leaders in those respective sectors.

Well, I think we could be more selective because we're seeing more opportunities frankly. I wouldn't tell you that it's cost of capital dependent -- I would didn't tell you it's cost of capital dependent. There's no doubt our cost of capital has improved both from the debt and the equity side our cost of capital has improved. But we're able to be more selective because of the opportunities that frankly enter into the funnel. And so I think first quarter was a quarter of consistent execution for us, both on the acquisition as well as disposition side. In Q2, Q3 and Q4, we think there's a pipeline of opportunities that are of higher quality or at least of the quality that we've seen consistently since the launch of the acquisition platform in 2010.

We're big fans of the company Tractor Supply. Specifically, it's a great company, it's got a fantastic balance sheet. It's publicly available for everybody to see, and we have a great relationship and respect for them. So again, it's just an example of us creating value across our acquisition platform, leveraging our relationships, our capabilities on the diligence front to understand stores, to understand markets, how they perform relative to their district and then triangulate the execution.

So those leases were -- they were advantageous extensions, I'll leave it at that. But there are advantageous extensions where we could create some value and potentially save some occupancy costs for our tenant there.

Well, we're always looking at opportunities of different sizes and shapes. The portfolio in 2016 was very unique. We've talked about earlier, we have yet to see anything, prior to that or since that, of the quality or nature of that portfolio and also the relationships with the existing tenants that we had in that portfolio to really understand the asset level quality. We're looking at diversified portfolios, we're looking at single credit portfolios. But again, our true nature, our DNA is finding one-off of real estate opportunities across all 3 platforms. Portfolio opportunities were not included in our guidance of $200 million to $225 million acquired. We don't anticipate them, we don't rely upon them. Our team here is really tasked with finding those -- with those [ diamonds. ] And so we want to continue to execute on that front in any portfolio that we find and execute on -- are really bonus to us.

I think it's really opportunity dependent. When you have 11 acquisitions effectively in the quarter, any single transaction can bring that yield down incrementally. Our targets remain the same, our discipline remains intact. So I can't tell you how Q2, Q3 and Q4 will -- I don't have that ability today to tell you how those quarters will stack up relative to Q1. But we're going to be effectively in the same range. I wouldn't anticipate anything materially deviating from Q4 of '16, Q1 of '17.

Sure. We love the discount apparel sector. The T.J.Maxx in Aurora was a fantastic transaction for us. This quarter, we closed on a Ross in the West-Southwest part of Chicago with fantastic demographics, nearly 400,000 people in a 3-mile radius. We also closed on a Burlington. And so those 3 are really the industry leaders in the discount apparel sector. That sector continues to gain traction, same-store sales continue. If you really look at them, even on a stacked basis, they're fantastic. And so the same-store sales trends are fantastic. And the consumer preferences, we believe the consumer preferences are now cemented, that consumers with the ability to price check within a matter of seconds with mobile e-commerce and Google and Amazon no longer have to get in their cars and travel to multiple stores or traverse the mall to price check and comparison check. They have the ability within 15 or 20 seconds to see every competitive retailer and their pricing on any specific goods. And so we believe discount apparel is right in consumer preferences in an omnichannel, as well as a recession-resistant -- from a recession-resistant sector perspective. And so we're going to continue to execute, continue to look for opportunities in the discount apparel sector. And we anticipate those -- specifically those 3 continuing to see positive trends.

No, really -- really no change. We look at our overall pharmacy footprint, we look at our Walgreens exposure specifically. Pharmacy's down nearly 750 basis points year-over-year. So obviously, we've made a significant improvement from a sectoral perspective. And so we understand all -- every store in the portfolio, how they perform, where they're positioned relative in their markets. And we're going to continue to execute in Q2 and beyond on our stated goal of reducing some exposures there.

There's lots of areas that we're looking at where we think there's opportunities. I would encourage investors to follow our trends in the stated intentions. If you just look at our sector exposures in context of our stated investment strategy, again, pharmacy down nearly 750 basis points. Auto service is up 325 basis points. These are year-over-year. Grocery, specifically discount grocery, up over 160 basis points. Home improvement, up over 140 basis points. I would encourage investors to believe that these trends are going to continue, that we are going to consistently and persistently execute on our investment strategy, again with that top-down 30,000-foot [ lend ], and then pairing that with a disciplined approach from a bottoms-up perspective. We don't believe in investing in tertiary operators in those respective retail sectors. We believe in investing in industry leaders. In today's day and age, not only with e-commerce and Amazon and all the headlines that we read about in terms of retail store closures and bankruptcy. The unspoken competitive threat to all of these retailers today really emerged early in the millennium here with the advent of the supercenters and the expansion of Walmart and Target and the wholesale clubs, such as Costco and Sam's Club. So there's competitive pressures to category [ killers ] today. They have to have a value proposition for their consumers. They have to provide a compelling reason for consumers to shop in a brick-and-mortar environment rather than pick up their phone. So our focus again is those industry leaders who present that value proposition who we think are going to be here in context of those sectors for a long time.

We are not interested in a lot retail operators in the space. We are picky, we are disciplined and we want to maintain it.

Our preference is smaller footprint retail. Have we been approached? Yes. We've been approached many times both from a redevelopment as well as a development perspective. The most important thing is, one, we aren't going to speculate on buildings or GLA or land. We're nonspeculative developers. We're working hand-in-hand with our retail partners. And two, they have to fit our investment criteria as I talked about a couple of minutes ago. And so our approach to development or redevelopment, we have -- we know we have those capabilities, the market's aware of those capabilities, our retail partners are aware, of course. We want to deploy them on a selective basis and we want to be efficient when we do deploy them.

With that, we'd love to thank everybody here for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again when we report our second quarter earnings. And good luck with the earnings season. Thank you.

Well, good morning, Dan, and I appreciate the question. I think we really look for -- starting with a lens of e-commerce and recession resistance, and then really drive to 3 fundamental things in terms of retail sectors and then tenants. One, a unique and compelling customer experience in the brick-and-mortar arena. A value proposition that is delivered via that brick-and-mortar experience, that value can come in price but that value can also come in different areas. And then lastly, a brick-and-mortar experience isn't easily replicable online, Gas &amp; C-Stores, the RaceTrac portfolio we acquired this quarter is a good example of that. Our investment strategy, it starts with a bottoms-up approach on the individual asset level. We're an aggregator by nature, we're not a sale leaseback financier, we're not a portfolio purchaser. So real estate attributes are critical to all of our underwriting. That said, when and if we see a credit that doesn't necessarily or a tenant that doesn't necessarily fit within that context of retail in our perspective, but it's a fantastic underlying piece of real estate or is a compelling transaction for -- to real estate merits, below market rents, or frankly, if we have a relationship with a tenant who's ready to take that space unbeknownst to a seller, those are transactions that we like to get our arms around as well. So I would tell you that all transactions are different, we look at it through that 30,000-foot lens and then we start really from a bottoms-up approach.

Yes. As you mentioned, this is our first investment in a furniture retailer. It is, obviously, our first exposure to Art Van. I'll tell you that we're very familiar with Art Van. As many people know, they were recently acquired by TH Lee and did a sale-leaseback with some of our peers, both private as well as public on -- I think it's 37 stores. That didn't interest us, that isn't our MO, that's not our operating strategy. Art Van has been in operation based here in Michigan for almost 60 years. They have over 100 stores, they're the ninth largest conventional furniture retailer in the country, the 18th largest when you rip out effectively mattress sales. They are the #1 retailer for furniture in the State of Michigan with 98% brand awareness, which is frankly, off the charts. I grew up listening to Art Van commercials. This site specifically is on one of the major retail corridors and destinations in the State of Michigan which we're intimately familiar with. It's on Ford Road right off of a major freeway, I-275. Ford Road has 48,000 vehicles per day in terms of traffic count. The 5-mile population density is almost 210,000 people. This store will draw for much larger, it shares an intersection newly signalized, four-way intersection with Michigan's only IKEA, which draws 2 million people per year, with median household income of approximately $75,000. So the combination of the underlying real estate, the familiarity of that real estate that's down -- just frankly, down the street from us here. Our experience on the Ford Road corridor both development, historic development made this really a compelling piece of real estate. And in terms of additional investments in the furniture space, it's something that we will consider, I'll tell you, it's not currently on the radar. It's something that we'll be aware of, but we thought that this transaction specifically was very unique.

We haven't seen it. We haven't seen any significant movement in terms of the macros, in terms of cap rates, obviously, interest rates remain low. We've seen some sectoral changes. Some of the, I would call it, risk adverse from a headline perspective, tenants and sectors we've seen cap rate compression in terms of [app]. Tire service, auto service, a number of those sectors where people don't see -- the Amazon headlines on The Wall Street Journal flashing across their screen. But at the same time, we've seen a slight expansion in the sectors where there isn't -- there hasn't been a compelling bid and you have a significant amount of product coming online, specifically Dollar Stores with over 1,000 Dollar Stores opening up within this country in 2017 alone between Dollar General and Family Dollar, Dollar Tree. So it's -- cap rates have, frankly, been quite stable. Our focus and our goal remains finding those transactions across the net lease spectrum through all 3 external growth strategies where we can deliver value to our shareholders.

Yes, it's a good question. Soft and hard goods that are easily commoditized, the retailer that doesn't have a compelling experience or a unique value proposition or easily replicable, gives us pause. I mean, there are a number of sectors that you can think about that we want to see that shake-out. Obviously, the quintessential sectors, which everyone is -- gets concerned about are office supplies and electronics and things of that nature. That said, as we move forward, and I said in my prepared remarks over the next decade, that's obviously, a round number. As we move forward, we believe there's going to be winners and losers in those sectors. Now are we actively pursuing opportunities within them? No. But like everybody, we continue to refine our approach, we continue to learn. And we continue frankly, to target the retailers in those sectors, which we are confident in that are at the top end of the spectrum in terms of performance on a go-forward basis and historic.

I would tell you, we retain the optionality, if we really -- given our cost of capital today, we did it with the portfolio transaction last year. We've done it on single assets where we really honed in and really liked the underlying real estate, the underlying store performance or something that we've retained the optionality to go get something and to buy it. That said, the fragmentation of the net lease space, the size of our funnel, the performance of our team, the commitment of our team, we see a host of different opportunities, then leverage our relationships with retailers to find value. As I said in the prepared remarks, our second quarter acquisitions were of the highest quality since 2010. RaceTrac is a leading gas and convenience store, we're very pleased to execute on that transaction. We added Ross, Ross Dress for Less, which is a fantastic off-price retailer to the portfolio, a number of O'Reilly's, the LA Fitness in Columbus, part of the new nationwide corporate campus in Grandview Heights is a fantastic piece of real estate, in an exciting and burgeoning submarket in downtown -- adjacent to downtown Columbus with great store performance. So we are picking the cream of the crop today and we're able to see it because of the size of our funnel. And frankly, the performance of all of our team members and partners here.

Yes. We are very pleased, and we're excited about our partnership with Mister Car Wash. Obviously, we transacted in the sale-leaseback with Mister Car Wash last year. And similar to how we executed on a sale-leaseback with Camping World, with Meridian, our Burger King franchisee, with the acquisitions of the Wawa before we went in the ground actively with them in Florida, we're able to use our balance sheet selective use of sale-leasebacks. We're not able to telegraph to the market, obviously, we report acquisitions on a quarterly basis, is what we're doing behind the scenes in terms of the shadow pipeline in regards to development. At the time of the sale-leaseback with Mister Car Wash, we were actively working on the design of prototypes. Mister Car Wash is obviously the #1 carwash operator in the country, over 200 carwashes, a fantastic management team. Over 48 years in operations, operating in 21 states. But they had never developed net new units from an organic perspective. Their growth has come and it's been tremendous growth, through the acquisition of operators, disparate operators across the continental U.S. And so we worked with Mister Car Wash hand-in-hand, and they're a fantastic partner, in designing with the optimal prototypes for over a year. It's been a process, a learning process for both of us. And we're very pleased to get the first 2 in the ground in New Mexico and Iowa, respectively, 2 different prototypes and 2 exciting projects. And we look forward to helping Mister Car Wash as an important constituent and as a partner to develop organically and/or relocations hopefully for years to come. And so those are -- again, it's an example of us being able to leverage our multiple capabilities here. And I think in the quarter, you see our acquisition platform firing, our Partner Capital Solutions producing also some opportunities and frankly our development platform, with shovels in the ground.

Well, we have $46 million delivered and/or under construction currently through development or Partner Capital Solutions. So obviously, we're on pace for that $50 million to $100 million, frankly, ahead of pace. In terms of go-forward into 2018 and beyond, the retail landscape or the macro doesn't really have, frankly, any bearing on what our pipeline and shadow pipeline work on -- look like. Our performance will be based upon the opportunities that we uncover, our partners' appetite for new stores, as well as any new business development that we're working on, frankly, currently for 2018.

Yes. We continue to be an aggregator through all 3 external growth platforms on a one-off basis. That's our DNA, that's our MO, that's how we view real estate on a single transactional level. We look at portfolios up to the multibillion-dollar size. We have not obviously, struck on anything similar. If we find something larger that makes sense, it would have to fit within context of the quality of our portfolio, and, obviously, would have to work from a financial perspective as well. And when I speak of financial, it'd have to work from not only a P&amp;L perspective, but a balance sheet perspective. And so we aren't going to take any outsized risks to the quality of the portfolio, the balance sheet, frankly, the consistency and sustainability of our earnings and dividend. We are happy to continue -- and excited, frankly, to continue to scale and build out our 3 external growth platforms irregardless of larger portfolio opportunities.

Well, good morning, Michael. Look, it's an interesting question. I would tell you that I think that the opportunity afforded by this organization whether it be internally or external at different companies or different roles for people is the most important takeaway here. I think also it's a testament to the organization that the management team here is frankly, is talented. The company has experienced fantastic growth. The company has been very successful. And so it's a testament to the management team that frankly, there are outside suitors for them. Now as CEO and as ultimately accountable and the leader of this company, I view my job as, one, is creating opportunities for people. And my important job -- my most important job as a manager is putting people into position to be successful. I would tell you that overall, our turnover has been very low, it's unique to this seat. I'll let you talk to Matt offline, I don't think he needs to go through in details on the call unless he wants to. But Matt, specifically, and I'll speak for Matt, feel free to jump in, saw a unique opportunity for himself and his family. And we won't hold anybody back from pursuing them. I mean, Brian Dickman did a fantastic job as CFO. He saw a unique opportunity at Seritage. And Matt saw a unique opportunity that they wanted to take advantage of. So we have a fantastic team in place. We will go through a contemplated search to find the right successor for the company on a go-forward basis. I would tell you that the position, the role and the responsibility has dynamically changed. You're talking about a company in Matt's tenure alone that's gone from 18 to 30 people in just 18 months. And we're confident that we're going to find a fantastic successor to Matt and we're also confident that Matt is going to have a fantastic career ahead of him, and we're going to remain friends and keep in touch.

It's a good question, Nick, and I appreciate it because again we ended the quarter at 4.6x net debt-to-EBITDA. Without the equity offering, pro forma remove the equity offering, we would have been in that 5.5x, 5x, 6x range. I think most important, it's not necessarily a shift in strategy. I think there is a relative opportunistic approach to it. But I would tell you, at the same time, we know our operating strategy calls for us to continue to invest capital across 3 platforms. And we want to continue to maintain the balance sheet and the liquidity to be able to invest that capital on an accretive basis. At the same time, we don't need to use short-term variable rate financing. We don't need to use -- we don't need to lever the balance sheet to provide double-digit shareholder returns while maintaining the overall portfolio quality. We're in a unique perspective. Our spreads, I would tell you, are probably the largest in the net lease space, our investment spreads. And so we are confident that we can deliver significant AFFO and FFO growth on an annual basis without running frankly at the upper end of that leverage spectrum today. And so we're going to keep the balance sheet in a conservative, a flexible, a capable position to execute on the operating strategy while delivering the shareholder returns that we -- that our shareholders are looking for us to execute on.

Yes. We have 7 Rite Aids total in the portfolio, 3 appear -- 3 are in the geographic, if you look at the maps, that were in the investor deck posted by, I believe both Rite Aid and Walgreens. Three are in the geographic territory where the Walgreens -- where Walgreens will be acquiring Rite Aid specifically in the northeast. And so it looks like potentially 3 of those stores will be acquired by Rite Aid, one of the -- by Walgreens, excuse me. One of those stores is currently subleased for the remainder of the term and has been by Rite Aid to Fresenius for a number of years.

Yes. Look, we're cognizant that the investment community looks at that number and monitors it. First, I would tell you that our retail investment-grade exposure is the highest in the states, by far, number one. Number two, we have a number of high-quality retailers in our portfolio that don't have a credit rating at all. I think I touched on them on the last call. Again Publix this quarter, Panera Bread, these aren't rated credits. I think if you look at the balance sheets of Tractor Supply and Hobby Lobby, specifically, Tractor Supply is publicly available. Hobby Lobby is a company that has no debt. And so I don't think they would have a problem getting an investment-grade credit ratings. So I think if you take the credits in our portfolio, another example is Meijer, where we have a Meijer ground lease in Plainfield, Indiana. If you take those credits in our portfolio, if we were to impute investment-grade credit ratings, you're talking about being north of 50% with just those well-known national or superregional retailers that are extremely capable. So I'll tell you, we're cognizant of it, we're not going to start imputing credit ratings. We're not going to deviate from how we monitor credit or frankly, mark credit. It's something that we'll continue to monitor. At the same time, our focus again is not necessarily on credit per se from a major rating agency, it's about how that retailer and that piece of real estate fits in an omnichannel retail world. And so there's a lot of retailers that aren't rated, some that are rated speculative or some investment-grade that are fantastic operators that we are very fond of. So we're going to continue to execute that number. We'll continue to monitor it. But it won't be a driver from an optical perspective. We're not going to let optics drive our investment strategy.

Thank you, Colin.

Good morning, R.J. I would tell you the only material credit on our watchlist, which we just touched on a couple of questions ago, is Rite Aid. Obviously, with the acquisition, they're going to have some proceeds here, they'll be more of a regional operator. And so the watchlist, there's always movement. I would tell you that our watchlist as defined, we keep it frankly, fairly broad. We want to watch -- be watching every asset, all 415 in the portfolio. And so we're always looking at store performance, underlying real estate trends, demographic trends, retail absorption trends and market occupancy rates, as well as balance sheet and profitability of those retailers. And so like I said, we'll continue to watch Rite Aid. They were down to number 16 at one point, call it, 1.6%, 1.7% today. And we'll see how that transaction transpires and which Walgreens -- which stores Walgreens actualize -- actually purchases.

Yes. I would tell you our thought process today -- and we've had frankly 25 inbounds. It's part of being publicly traded that when the news goes out there, and we have a number of interested candidates on it. Our thought process today is to take our time, find the right candidate, find the right partner for this business to help execute on its operating strategy. And so in terms of a strict time line, we don't have it, we don't have -- the luxury of having Dan Ravid monitor -- having accounting, tax and audit report to him. We have a fantastic luxury seated next to me in Ken Howe who knows more about this company than anybody, and he has been here for 4 years pre-IPO. And so the balance sheet's in fantastic shape, obviously. We raised equity. All the pieces and parts are there for us to take our time and find the right successor to Matt who's done a fantastic job and find the right partner for this growing and scaling business.

It's an interesting question, Ryan, and I appreciate it. I think we're always learning and we are always refining. I think what necessitated the prepared comments is that we often from investors and as well as sell-analysts, get questions, are you concerned about Amazon entering pharmacy? Well, if you look at The Wall Street Journal and you look at the headlines over the course of the last couple of months, we've had Amazon entering grocery obviously, Amazon entering pharmacy, Amazon entering auto parts, Amazon entering furniture, Amazon entering the appliance space now with their deal with Sears. And the reactivity of the equity markets, frankly, we believe, is overblown. That's by definition the equity markets at times. And at the same time, we think people are frankly conflating a number of different things that are going on in the brick-and-mortar retail world. The failure and the evolution of the mall space is very divergent from the evolution of the net lease space. Macy's, J.C. Penney and Sears and those struggles aren't correlated necessarily to how would we see in terms about sectors and the tenants in the net lease space. I'd tell you one place that we've been -- that I personally been surprised about in terms of e-commerce penetration and the inability of brick-and-mortar retailers necessarily to win -- to maintain market share, I should say, is women's fashion. I had always believed that women would prefer to touch and feel and shop in a brick-and-mortar store as part of an experience. I would tell you that the penetration in terms of women's fashion in traditional brick-and-mortar retailers, inclusive of department stores, is as much of a factor at those historic brick-and-mortar retailers, a few of which I named and a few smaller operators in terms of GLA and national coverage is that they have not changed their business model and have not evolved to maintain that market share. The experience of shopping in those stores, the value proposition of shopping in those stores, frankly, has not -- hasn't been successful. They haven't changed their business model. I think the Internet's impacted everything, including brick-and-mortar retail. At the same time, in terms of women's apparel, you look at T.J.Maxx, Marshall's obviously, also TJX, you look at Ross, you look at Burlington, the off-price retailers have thrived. And so what I see happening in women's fashion specifically is the traditional department store operators have not changed their business model, and you see the e-commerce penetration and taking market share but you also see the off-price taking market share. And so that's one place that has surprised me. I'm not sure if it's as much as the advent of shopping in a box and having it delivered or online ordering and home delivery as much as it is, frankly, the inability for some of those brick-and-mortar retailers to evolve their business model.

So one, if we didn't have the outsized acquisition volume, which was a function of transactions, one, which literally was 4 years in the making, another, which was 18 months in the making, and then some single-credited, mix-credit portfolios, if we didn't have the outsized acquisition volume, frankly, the headline would probably be and the takeaways would be the ramp-up of PCS and development activity. We have $25 million -- $24 million, $25 million effectively in the ground or committed between the 2 Mister Car Washes and the Art Van. If you took our Q1 acquisition volume of, call it, $55 million, $58 million, if you took that volume, I think the headline would be that the PCS and the development activity ramped. Again, I would tell you the elevated acquisition volume for Q2 is by no means a run rate. It was highly opportunistic. And I think the key takeaway for investors here as well as analysts is we now have 3 external growth platforms, plus our active asset management platform, which divested of 2 assets for over $11 million that were all firing. And I think that is -- that's the piece that gets the management team and the overall team here, the entire team excited is that we see opportunities across the full net lease spectrum from inception to older assets on a third-party basis, acquired on a third-party basis, where we can find, create and extract value.

Well, first of all, good morning, and I think the auto parts space specifically has a number of things going on. I won't try to predict or armchair quarterback the equity markets. Everything from the cycle of used cars to the age of the cars on the road have implications for the auto parts space. Our 2 primary outside of tire service, which is, of course, Bridgestone/Firestone and the NTB, TBC concepts as well as Goodyear. Our focus has been on O'Reilly and AutoZone. They're very good relationships of ours. Retailers that have fantastic balance sheets. We believe have strong underlying business models. I actually spent time in an AutoZone store a few months ago to better -- even better understand the business because frankly, I'm not very adept at auto parts personally. So they're very different businesses, frankly. AutoZone has more of a do-it-yourself customer that comes into the store and part of that experience and we talk about experience, part of that value proposition is the ability to talk to a customer sales rep to find the right part and to tinker and to be able to work through issues with that sales rep, and then take that part back immediately and go work on your car. Sometimes frankly, even in the parking lot at the AutoZone. O'Reilly has a much bigger component than AutoZone of out the backdoor sales. Backdoor is the proverbial bump shop collision dealerships, which -- who need the part in an hour. I think most interesting in all of this is the Amazon fears, of Amazon entering the auto parts space because they can win on price. If you talk to somebody in the auto parts space, what they'll tell you is, Amazon has taken market share in windshield wiper blades and floor mats. We don't see that as a threat to the top 2 operators in the space, O'Reilly and AutoZone, on a long-term basis. Will they have to tweak and change their business, effectuate an omnichannel strategy? Sure. 100% like every retailer in this country. But we don't see Amazon shipping mufflers and heavy-duty auto parts on an effective profitable basis and taking market share long -- significant market share long-term from those 2 operators.

Consistent with what you've seen in the past in terms of both development and PCS. So nothing new to report on those fronts there.

I wouldn't tell you in short term, and I talked to Jeff Konkle about it all the time, who I referenced in the prepared remarks. The general theme coming out of the recession is the availability of labor has been very challenging in the construction industry because frankly, 50% of the trades that went out of business and didn't come back. So the availability of labor makes it even more important to get for our team to bid, to qualified, general contractors that have access to those trades and can perform on time and on budget. Obviously, we don't sell performer -- any construction activities here. We go through a competitive bidding process, typically a GMP contract where we'll bring in qualified regional contractors with experience in that product type. And then their ability to access trades on an effective basis is critical.

Well, thank you, everybody, for your patience. And with that, we'd like to thank you for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking to you in Q3. Appreciate it.
Thank you.

Yes, sure. Look, it's been a great process for us. Dan Ravid, our Chief Administrative Officer, has been really running it and doing a fantastic job. We've interviewed, vetted and scored over 30 candidates, a lot of talented people with frankly, a really diverse set of backgrounds. I tell you, at the same time, this has been really -- it's almost been a blessing in disguise for us in the sense that it's given us an opportunity to see where any potential holes were, but frankly, to showcase our bench strength and the increased size of our team and the growth of individuals here. And I think that's been the most interesting piece for me personally over the past couple of months, watching our team flourish and not skip a beat. As you can see in the capital markets side, we didn't a beat with the debt private placement as well as the ATM activity during the quarter. And with all that said, we think we've got a final list of candidates. We're going to bring this process to a head fairly shortly. And we're confident we're going to find the right person that's a cultural fit for this team and can professionally would be the right partner to help us take us to the next level. And the last thing, I would be remiss if I didn't thank Ken for stepping in. He's been here since the start of this company and continues to be an important part. So thank you again, Ken.

Yes. So I'll start with the last point about the ground lease. As you can see, our ground lease exposure ticked up during the quarter. We acquired some great assets, the Lowe's, the SuperAmerica, a CVS paying approximately $110,000 a year, $10 a foot on a ground lease. If you look at the risk adjusted returns there plus our cost of capital, these are really great investments with -- and creates a very unique portfolio at over 8% of our portfolio currently being ground leased. They're not much better in terms of net lease in terms of safety, security and residuals when you don't pay for the building and improvements. Our pipeline has a diverse and unique set of opportunities, one-off opportunities, both small and large as well as some portfolios as well. And so our team here, which I stated in my prepared remarks, at 7 people and growing, continues to uncover unique opportunities of that we're confident we're going to execute on in the fourth quarter. And again, our focus is going to continue to be on quality. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we don't see this as an opportune time to move up the risk curve. We're looking for best-in-class operators in those sectors, which we are wholly comfortable. In a dynamically changing environment, we're focused on top-tier assets and top-tier real estate.

Yes. It's a great question. We -- I tell you, it's really the inverse of how we think of retail sectors that we're going to target. And so if there are -- if a business model selling hard or soft goods is easily replicable online, doesn't present that value proposition, doesn't provide for an experience for the customer that is compelling enough or convenient enough for them to enter into a brick-and-mortar retail outlet, then that is not typically something that we are overly attracted to. And in the converse, it's not something we're going to continue to acquire and we'll look to potentially dispose of. General merchants, department stores, those types of operations to us, which don't have a differentiated strategy and frankly, can't differentiate themselves in an omnichannel world, are among the sectors that we're not overly attracted to. At the same time, office supplies is a sector, obviously, books, all those fairly obvious sectors where you see the disruption coming from the seamless integration online.

Yes. I'll use it to touch on the Amazon rumors into pharmacy. First, while I hate to touch on those rumors, I know that they're top of mind for everybody and obviously topical in terms of the newspapers and the news. Every week, it seems to be something new. That said, relative to pharmacy, I'll talk a couple of important points. One, pharmacy is -- inherently represent a last-mile solution for most people. Pharmacies are located 1 mile to 2 miles from everybody's homes. They have ease of access, immediate parking adjacent to the building and drive-through windows. I just don't believe that most people in this country need everything delivered to their home, sitting on their front porch. Traversing a mall is -- or a large-format store is one thing. Stopping at a pharmacy or convenience store on your way home in your natural traffic pattern is nothing. So it takes a long time to frankly dismember, unwrap and then break down a box. I think it takes longer frankly then to pop into your local Walgreens or CVS at times. Second, I think, prescriptions have a time element to receive. I think customers typically need prescriptions fairly quickly. The front end of the stores, well, the majority of the profitability or EBITDA is tied to convenience items, run in, grab, get your toothpaste, top in, get your greeting card and go. And then lastly, while we remain believers in the pharmacy space, I will tell all investors just to look at what we've accomplished to their diversification efforts and our portfolio. Pharmacy overall has been reduced from 30% of ABR to 13.2% in less than 3 years. Walgreens, obviously, our largest tenant, has been down -- has taken down to 8.5% from 22% in less than 3 years. So we're very comfortable with our exposures. We're committed to taking Walgreens down to sub-5% not because we don't believe in the tenant or the business, but we think it's the right thing to do to divest and redeploy on an accretive basis there, and you'll continue to see that trajectory. And we have a Walgreens under contract to sell currently we anticipate closing into Q4.

Well, I tell you, our thoughts haven't changed. I think, obviously, we reported net debt to recurring EBITDA at quarter end. In Q2 obviously, we were well north of 5x before we accessed the equity markets. This quarter, we opportunistically accessed the ATM markets in addition to the $100 million debt private placement to really match fund on an efficient basis and a really effective basis our pipeline across all 3 platforms. And given our increased investment guidance, we think, on a risk-adjusted basis, it made sense for us to opportunistically access that capital source and use that tool.

Well, I would tell you that we're opportunists at our core. We look at real estate transactions from that bottoms-up approach that I talked about with that top-down lens. And we will continue to transact on opportunities that we think fits qualitatively and quantitatively. And the growing team here continues to uncover fantastic opportunities across all 3 platforms. Our balance sheet and our liquidity, we're in a position to execute on them and we're going to continue to do so. Obviously, we raised the acquisition guidance from -- to $300 million to $325 million. That's dependent 100% on the opportunities that our team here uncovers. It's not dependent upon us saying, &quot;We want to deploy more capital.&quot; It's a granular approach. We're strategic, we're sharpshooters. We look at billions of dollars, we transact on millions of dollars. And so we'll continue to execute on those transactions which frankly fit, and it changes weekly. The investment committee here meets 2x a week and we see new opportunities therein.

So it's -- no large portfolios in there. It's fair to assume they're under binding agreement and/or we have already closed on those during the quarter. And there are opportunities that are frankly representative -- some fairly unique opportunities in terms of demographic underlying real estate. And then with a continued emphasis on the sectors that we find favorable in this environment, tire auto service, home improvement, convenience stores, off-price retail, the sectors -- leaders within those sectors that are going to continue to create what we think is the highest quality net lease portfolio in the country.

No, and my hats off to Bill. Bill is a friend of mine, and I think he did a great job at Four Corners. Our focus really isn't on the restaurant space. Our focus here is really on those brick-and-mortar retailers in some of the sectors that I named. While we have restaurant exposure and we continue to create value, most recently with this Tom's King development that we announced, our focus really is outside of the restaurant space, unless we find something value-add through one of the 3 external growth platforms. In terms of working with REITs, both mall REITs, shopping center REITs at the time, given that lease REITs, we work with them on a fairly frequent basis. We've transacted with a number of mall REITs and shopping centers REITs over the past 12, 18 months. And we continue to look at opportunities from our peers in the retail space.

No change there. There's a whole host of tenants out there that are unrated, some even sub-investment-grade that we are -- that are fantastic operators. You'll see, we acquired a Burlington Coat factory during the quarter. It's really just a focus on quality. Inclusive of the ground lease assets that we acquired, I would tell you that the investment-grade exposure is circumstantial there. Obviously, the portfolio ticked up north of 45% investment grade during the quarter. The ground lease opportunities were fairly unique. Again, our focus is discreet. It is highly targeted. We don't think it's a good time and it's frankly not in our D&amp;A to go up the risk curve. Given our cost of capital and our ability to source unique assets, we're confident we're going to continue to uncover some fantastic opportunities.

Yes. Generally, we haven't seen movement in cap rates overall. But you're right and we've talked about it. We've seen sectoral movement, obviously, the tire stores, which you mentioned, the home improvement stores. In terms of our acquisitions specifically, I wouldn't read through to the cap rates. They're a small sample set. Oftentimes, there are additional elements to those transactions which we don't publicly disclose. We're working with a tenant, we're doing something unique to the lease. And so it's probably not a great sample set in terms of the overall cap rate environment, which is fairly stable. There are sectors where we've seen some compression. There are sectors where we've seen some cap rate expansion. Most of that is headline related or the ability for private purchasers to access that.

Is your question, Rob, specific to pharmacy or any of the recent Amazon rumors or headlines?

Yes. Honestly, I think acute net lease purchasers are frankly conditioned to the Amazon headlines. They come out once or twice a week now of Amazon entering different retail spaces. We haven't seen any movement in cap rates one way or another. It's one thing for Amazon if and when they -- if they do enter the pharmacy space to enter it and disrupt it. It's another thing for them to operationally affect the Walgreens and CVSs of the world. So we haven't seen those rumors trickle down. What we have seen is just generally a continued flight to safety. And frankly, people have gotten in line between the strategy, which we've been expounding upon since 2011 in terms of e-commerce. And so like I mentioned previously, the health and fitness, tire and auto service, home improvement, convenience stores, off-price retail, auto parts, those sectors were perceived. Safety is there from the overall Internet threat. We've seen, typically driven by brokers, some cap rate compression. But in terms of Amazon potentially entering the pharmacy space, we don't see -- we haven't seen anything there.

So this is -- well, this was an opportunity again that's pretty close to our backyard in Grand Rapids. So the 60,000-foot existing dealership and retail store -- previously, Camping World operated the retail store, only not the dealership. We'll be adding about 20,000 square feet to the project overall. So it will end up 80,000 square feet. This is a 20-acre site, immediately off of the freeway. It's a great location at the interchange, outpositioning a number of competitors. So there's -- it is different from the Georgetown opportunity, which was a ground-up development. This is a PCS project for us, existing dealership, expansion, renovation, Camping World taking over the existing dealer while it historically operated the retail store.

No. Yes -- no, no Gander Outdoor component to this. This will be a traditional Camping World once the -- and they've already established they're taking over the retail outlet there.

Yes. Look, we think very highly of the Camping World management team. Marcus and Brent and team there have done obviously a great job. They're all over the championship series if you're watching baseball. We talked about a number of differentiated the opportunities, inclusive of development, nothing near term on the horizon there. Again, our focus is it typically isn't on new concepts, just unestablished operators and established brands and really those leading operators in the sectors that we're targeting.

No, it's -- look, it's a great question and you're 100% right. Best Buy is the last man standing and Barnes &amp; Noble outside of some local independence is obviously the last man standing in the books. We don't red line any opportunity. I will tell you, for us, to execute on any such opportunity there, it will typically have to be a value-add component to it. They will be above yield or compelling real estate. And so on a risk-adjusted basis -- and I think you're right, best Buy has been effectively derisked. I think Barnes and Noble has potentially a different place than Best Buy is today. But the management team there -- over there has done a great job and we have a good relationship. But we'll look at any real estate opportunity on a one-off basis. And if we can create -- outsize value and we think risk adjusted, it makes sense or we see something long term in the real estate, we wouldn't hesitate to execute.

Yes. TOMS King, just a little background, top 10 Burger King franchisee in the country, over 100 locations in the Midwest, Carolina, Pennsylvania and I believe, Virginia. TOMS King is a fantastic operator. We're excited about this opportunity. It really builds upon what we have been doing with Meridian. We wouldn't anticipate and necessarily be a one-off opportunity and we'll continue to look for things with leading franchisees in terms of development in PCS.

Yes. We haven't gotten anything definitive from Walgreens and/or Rite Aid. We believe that there are 3 stores in the geographic territory that Walgreens is effectively acquiring the Rite Aid operations. Those are really in New York and New Jersey. We haven't gotten anything definitive there yet. We continued conversations with both of them, and we'll let -- as soon as we know, we'll let everybody else know.

We haven't seen any impact. There continues to be an availability of nonrecourse financing. That CMBS market is alive and well. Any rumors of the 1031 displacement has not affected transactional activity, cap rates or anything we've seen. What happens in terms of potential tax reform package, if immediate expensing does replace the 1031 rules, current rules, IRS rules, I think it will be interesting to see if that effectively offsets really the impact there. That's, we think, passive real estate. And I believe passive real estate owners want to be passive real estate owners. So I think the tax treatment there could effectively be an offset if those 2 rule changes came into fruition. All in all, our -- probably our #1 competitor in our acquisition realm is the 1031 buyer and the private buyer. We very rarely, if ever, run into another publicly traded REIT or even a nontraded REIT. It's another purchaser that nobody has ever heard of. So if we can eliminate that purchaser from our competitive set in terms of the granular acquisition activity that we typically execute on, we think that's advantageous.

Yes. So all of our 2017 maturities had now been -- they've been taken care of with minimal or if any, capital requirements. Our leasing teams here, led by Mark Brand, has done a fantastic job in terms of 2017. Typically, these are options -- contractual options that are exercised by the tenants that have fixed bumps. Obviously, minimal rollover during the quarter, but you can assume that any rollover has somewhere between 50 and 150 basis points on an annual basis of growth, typically every 5 years. In terms of our 28 expirations, we're in fantastic shape. As I mentioned, today, we currently sit at 1.3% aggregate expirations, really no sizable expirations in there. And we think there are some opportunities in the portfolio and our team is well ahead of those expirations and working on them, as I mentioned, in the prepared remarks.

I would tell you, specific to us, we have had very little turnover. At the same time, we aren't typically holding assets until they're dark and then looking to release them. If we don't like the trend, if we don't like the creditor, the underlying real estate or something doesn't conform any longer to the quality of our portfolio, we'll look to dispose of it. And so frankly, in our portfolio, we have done very little replacement of those tenants. We -- I think it's one, a function of the credit quality; two, a function of the lease structure; and then three, really the nascency of our portfolio. If not the majority, most of the rollover we have in 2018 is really legacy assets that the company originally developed. So those are very low basis, at least a number of them are at $2 a foot. And so we think there's some embedded opportunities that those tenants don't exercise their contractual options.

Yes. So I would tell you, our development yields have held up to our -- really to our historical standards. Ground-up turnkey development, we have and we'll continue to target yields above -- at or above 9%. Opportunistically, if we see something, could we go lower? Sure. But if we're going to spend 24 months on a ground-up development, we think there's got to be that value embedded in that opportunity. They are time-consuming and we want to be efficient with our time here. In terms of PCS yields, our PCS yields typically are approximately around 8%. Again, we're not undertaking true development, entitlement, permitting land acquisition and lease negotiation on most of those opportunities, we look at the -- really as an inorganic development opportunity where the true value creation was created by our partner, either the retailer who found the site or a private developer. And then to your last question on Orchard Supply specifically, that's a very unique transaction. That's our redevelopment, a retenanting and expansion of an existing space within the portfolio. Those returns were frankly, in the midteens. So we're talking about 15-plus percent incremental returns there, which obviously are outsized and was a fantastic transaction for us.

Well, Mister Car Wash has historically, prior to the launch of our organic development platform, executed sale-leaseback transactions with REITs or institutional purchasers on a portfolio basis in the low 7s. In terms of our returns on Mister Car Wash, I don't want to get into them specifically. They conform to our historical standards.

Close, yes.

That's a good question. I think there was a couple of larger trades in terms of institutional investors. But then regular to way ATM activity, there's really no way for us to quantify the number of investors that, that stock is sold to.

Yes. So we've got a Walgreens -- as I mentioned earlier, we've got a Walgreens currently under contract we anticipate closing fairly shortly here. We will also look at potentially selling some franchise restaurants at opportunistic cap rates. And we think those transactions will come to fruition as well most likely in the next 30 days. And so we think, obviously, last quarter, we raised the low end of the disposition guidance. We've now hurdled that. Again, the transaction market can be fickle on the disposition side, especially with the 1031 laws and those regulations. But we think that we're going to be right in that range of the disposition guidance, most likely toward the higher range. And most of those transactions are in the Q and we anticipate them to close.

Well, I think there's a number of considerations. With the Walgreens dispositions, I would tell you, on the disposition front, of our dispositions are really driven by 2 things: one, we want to pare back exposure and redeploy the proceeds on an accretive basis, such as the Walgreens transactions, which we've clearly telegraphed to the market; or two, something doesn't fit within the context quality wise of our overall portfolio. We won't be shy to pull the trigger there. It's challenging necessarily to match fund disposition proceeds with acquisition with the uses of capital just because of the timing constraints, and as I said in the earlier answer, just the fickleness of those purchasers. And so dispositions for us is really -- it's the fourth prong to our 3 external growth platforms. It is -- we were active managers of our portfolio. We want to maintain the highest quality portfolio, sell -- obviously sell assets at attractive cap rates. Or if we don't like something given the sector, the credit, the yield, the demographics or residuals or store trends, we will cut cords very quickly. And so in terms of thinking about in terms of overall proceeds, we think that -- we thought that $25 million to $50 million was appropriate. We're at just over $30 million in terms of a close to date. We think we'll be up towards the upper end. And it's obviously a good source of equity capital for us, balance with the ATM activity in the previous follow-on.

Yes. It's -- our team here, which is -- which I talked about, just the growing dynamics of our team. We're at 32 people. We anticipate being up to 34 team members here by year-end. And so we've taken a very hard look for the past 12 to 24 months where we really started at all of our internal processes to streamline and make ourselves more efficient. We're talking about a company that -- the portfolio and the size, it's dynamic change that one of our core values here was just constantly challenging ourselves to improve. And so the management team here has undergone professional development training in terms of specific skills, and then the operational team has gone through Lean training, which has been fantastic for us just to establish total clarity and come to really a metric-driven approach to everything that we do. We like to say here, if you can't put a number to it, you can't manage it. And we've seen some amazing gains in terms of just putting those processes in place, streamlining, driving efficiencies. You combine that with the systems improvement that we've made, and we feel today that we've gone from a small entrepreneurial company to a fully established middle-market company.

So most landlords who are doing with national or super regional or really established tenants aren't using their lease form, right, that's a misnomer. So retailers had a lease form that's typically customized or modified for a specific landlord if they have a previously negotiated form. And so the ability of landlords to dictate a lease form only is available, I would tell you, with small operators, who don't have legal departments, established leases in place already. I mean, can you imagine if Walgreens or Walmart or even a smaller tenant like Mister Car Wash was negotiating individual leases with every single landlord? So that...

So I don't have -- I can't give you an exact answer, I have to get back to you on that. I tell you, all of our development and Partner Capital Solutions activity where we play an integral role in negotiating that lease and that outcome. And then all of the lease modification opportunities that we undertake through amendments typically, we are amending previous documents. I can't give you a specific number off the top of my head though.

All right. Well, thank you for -- everybody, for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you in Dallas at NAREIT in the future. Thank you.

Yes. David, I think first as we -- as I touched on our prepared remarks, our effective Rite Aid exposure is now, now are really 4 stores, 0.8% of rents or half of our previous exposures, as reported, really at year-end. And so we've made some obviously significant progress through the 2 purchases from Walgreens as well as the Fresenius sublease that was through Rite Aid. But the Rite Aid-Albertsons combination will result in a stronger, larger more diversified company. Pro forma, their leverage is sub-4x; pro forma, $24 billion company. I'll be honest, I'd say, we don't view it as an industry leader that currently fits our investment criteria. It's certainly an interesting matchup between Rite Aid and Albertsons. In terms of Walgreens, our focus really hasn't changed. Our exposure remains at 7.7%. Given those transactions and the disposition, we anticipate closing next week. And we still -- we're focused on continuing to reduce that exposure towards our year-end target of approximately 5% through opportunistic dispositions as well as portfolio growth.

Yes. That's a -- it's a late '18. It's not a hard target for us. But we've been very clear, we wanted to get to sub-10%. 2017, our goals are on 5%. Obviously, the Rite Aid purchase of these 2 stores plus the dispositions, we're still at 7%, 7%, but that still remains a target for us.

Yes. Sure. First, I should apologize because I think we've done a -- and it's my responsibility, a poor job of really articulating the value and how the portfolio composition in the assets in our ground lease portfolio really shows through. And I think we've consistently said it's been around 8% of our overall portfolio, but we haven't broken it down. So that's -- we're making a concerted effort to do that here, as you heard with Lowe's in the prepared remarks. Wawa, we can do the same thing. Wawa is our #6 tenant. We have 9 Wawa assets, $2.7 million in ABR, 2.3% of our total portfolio. Wawa is very interesting. Obviously we have 5 stores and 4 of that we developed, which are all ground leased through the company. And then we have 4 stores in the Mid-Atlantic. One of them is on a ground lease and then the other 3 are on turnkey master leases. So our Wawa exposure, 58% of it is ground leased and the remaining 42% is under a 3-store master lease. So again, 6 ground leases, 3 stores on turnkey under a master lease, high-performing in the Mid-Atlantic, diversified among 4 or 5 states. And so I think that exercise going through Lowe's and seeing how the asset underwriting and the portfolio composition and now Wawa really shows through in our top tenant base is not only interesting, I think it's compelling for investors to understand better and it's incumbent upon us to do so.

Yes. Nick, it's a tough question to answer. The ground leases that we continue to add to the portfolio are both through development as well as acquisitions. We were fortunate to add a small ground lease portfolio in 2017. As I mentioned, National Tire and Battery, Starbucks, CVS. They're really opportunistic. They're typically one-off. It's been -- it's hung around 8%. We'll continue to drive and develop and source. We think it is -- on a risk-adjusted basis, there's nothing better than a ground lease. We love having tenants' skin in the game, and we love the reversionary increase in the buildings since we have no investment. And so it's tough to say. We'd like to keep it around this level or even increase it, frankly, but it's difficult to find those types of investments out there.

Sure. Look, our historical returns on development in Partner Capital Solutions haven't moved, right? We're targeting, obviously, a variable component of 250 basis point spreads over where we can buy life-kind products. Obviously, that's a static look. At the same time, we have fixed hurdles. And so we're targeting around that 8% range with Partner Capital Solutions is dependent upon it and the projects that come in there. Dependent upon our scope and what we're doing in terms -- if we're taking over a project and constructing it ourselves or is put to reverse build-to-suit, both are different returns for us. So time, energy and efficiency are important for us. And then returns, we continue to target 9% returns in terms of organic development activity where we spend 18 to 24 months on a project.

Well, it's hard to time exactly. I do anticipate a couple of starts in -- during this quarter or early second quarter of 2018. We've got a couple exciting projects with new tenants, frankly, that we're going to get in the ground, hopefully, when it starts out. It's tough to tell. I'll tell you that we continue to work on opportunities to leverage all 3 platforms, find those synergies with retailers and be a comprehensive full-service real estate solution. And we don't view ourselves as a finance company, we view ourselves as a real estate company. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our goal here is to become -- is to be considered as one of the preeminent retail REITs. And we think that we have the ability through our 3 external growth platforms, the balance sheet, the team and the relationships to effectuate that.

No. I think it's fair to say that, that's a good run rate for us, our focus going in the future. But we said approximately 1.5 years ago, our intermediate goal, so we call that 3 years, was to deliver $50 million to $100 million on an annual basis in PCS and development activity. And we think we're in a route to do that. Both Camping World -- or sorry, both -- excuse me, Mister Car Washes are open and operating in Urbandale, Iowa and Bernalillo, New Mexico. The Art Van, the flagship store is open. It's fantastic. It's spectacular. It had spectacular grand opening in February 1. And it's doing very well. So those 3 stores are now all open.

Michael, what happened? Nick dropped off. But -- thought he had fell or I thought he got shot there for a second.

Okay. Well, we did hang up on him. So -- look, I think what we tried to do is give as many input as we can, acquisition, disposition activity and G&amp;A. And I agree that the cash flows in that lease are consistent. And they are -- we have visibility into existing cash flows and, hopefully, so do you as well as investors. The real challenge of the timing and sources of uses of capital on a small-cap base approaching $2 billion, like you said, are really the huge driver, and timing is a really strong factor. At the same time, we want to remain flexible and opportunistic on how we raise and deploy capital. And I said -- I've said a bunch of times, our visibility truly extends outside the development, of course. 90 days out, we average 71 from LOI execution to close. And I would never want to do anything that inhibits our ability to move quickly and decisively. Our goal remains the same: it's to deliver solid double-digit total returns to investors with almost 8% AFFO per share growth and a growing 4.5% dividend, we achieved that in 2017. We're focused on doing it in '18. So -- and I know that was long-winded, but the small-cap base -- and the bottom line is the timing of uses and sources of capital make it very challenging for us to give accurate guidance that wouldn't be so wide that it would -- frankly, would be worthless.

Yes. No, I don't -- well, I think it's really the -- I think it's the timing of these sources of capital which has changed. I mean, I don't think the anticipated ATM activity in Q4, for example, taking our balance sheet down to 4.3%, of course, we would drag. We have some drag on earnings when you do that. But at the same time, we opportunistically equitize the balance sheet and put ourselves in position to run into 2018 with what I consider one of the strongest balance sheets in the net -- in REITs there that are on the net lease space. And so I just wouldn't want to inhibit our ability to be flexible, nimble and opportunistic in any way. But I understand what you're asking for.

It's a point well taken. I'd tell you, none of our stated goalposts have changed in terms of source -- uses of capital or leverage profile, 5 to 6x. That said, you saw us drop down to 4.3x in advance of the year. But I understand what you're saying, this is a growing and evolving company. It's approaching $2 billion. And there will be a time and place, I think, that you're right and I'm not sure how far of that is that we can continue to provide more and more information for investors.

Yes. I think there's an opportunity this year, frankly, for us to continue to look at all of those things most notably, potentially looking at the board. If we -- we take each quarter a deep dive into our business, all the way from the top to the bottom, from the board level to the analyst level. And the board is fully support -- our board has been fully supportive of that. But I think we're going to potentially have an opportunity this year to really put ourselves in a position all the away from -- starting at the board level. And we've got some great board members to really take, what I'd call, ADC 3.0. We think we've achieved 2.0 to take it to ADC 3.0 and get new fresh, divergent opinions on that board.

Annual elections is something that all the corporate governance is saying. It's something that we'll continue -- the board will continue to consider.

There potentially are. And so as I mentioned in the 2018 -- in our calls, our 2018 lease expirations are now down to effectively 0.8%. I'll note that in those -- of that 0.8%, 63% is that they're tied to -- there are 3 remaining Kmarts that we have in our portfolio, which has option notifications due quite shortly here. We spoke in depth and it's on -- in our investor deck posted online, the quality of the underlying real estate Kmart paying sub-$2 a square foot on average, on a net basis. We think that there are some potential redevelopment opportunities. And we look forward to potentially getting our hands on those and executing on them in 2018.

Look, I think the conservative underpinnings of this company are the foundation of our execution. We're focused on executing our operating strategy. Our stated leverage target of 5 to 6x remains. But I said earlier, we're going to be opportunistic in terms of sources of capital. We know what we can execute to with our 3 origination platforms as well as our disposition platform. And we never want the balance sheet to get in the way. And so when you're able to run a balance of 4.6x (sic) [4.3x] levered, you drive nearly 8% AFFO growth with a growing dividend by 5.5% -- approximate 4.5% dividend growing as 5.5% today, we think it is very compelling. I think there are, frankly, few REITs that have the ability to do that. And then if you look at what our permanent financing structure where we undertook in 2017 and '16 and before that accessing 12-year unsecured debts, long-term fixed-rate, if you take our leverage up into the mid-5 in line with our peer group, you're looking at 9-plus percent AFFO growth in 2017. That said, we wouldn't be positioned as well as we are today going into 2018. So we don't run this company on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We're cognizant of all the implications of our decisions. But we're going into 2018 with $40 million in firepower, no outstanding balance in our facility, 4.3x levered, the lowest leverage profile in the space and, frankly, a team that's focused on delivering those results.

I think those are fair statements. But just to start upon the first -- your first statement there, look, the stock price has an impact to our investment decisions because it didn't impact our investment decisions when we had a 2 in front of the stock or 3 or even a 5 in front of the stock price. We don't operate on the margins. We have the widest spreads in the net lease space. We have a cost of capital today that allows us to go buy assets and acquire assets that are, frankly, trophies, like Secaucus. But at the same time, we're focused on individual value creation across all 3 of our origination platforms. So we're in a very unique position. And the optionality, which Clay spoke to and the dry powder that our balance sheet has today, we think puts us in a prime position for 2019 and beyond.

Sure. Look, we remain focused on recycling capital accretively, divesting of assets that don't fit within the portfolio. The Burger King specifically, the 6 Meridian Restaurants that we sold in 2017, are opportunistic dispositions for us. You're talking about 6 capped rates. I'd rather own a T.J.Maxx, high-performing TJMaxx-Marshalls combo or HomeGoods-Marshalls combo store in Secaucus, New Jersey with 1.5 million people in the trade area 4 miles from Manhattan than a number of Burger King franchise restaurants. And so it's an opportunistic disposition that's based upon the aggressiveness of the price point in the 1031 market. At the same time, we're focused on building a leading 21st century omnichannel portfolio. And so you can see the addition of T.J.Maxx as #5 in our tenant base. We now have 10 T.J.Maxx stores in our portfolio, and what we're talking about is the leading junior box retailer and the best off-price retailer in the world. And so our portfolio is a source of stability in a dynamically changing retail environment. And most importantly, we are going to focus, continue to focus on creating the omnichannel portfolio of the 21st century. And so the movements that you see in and out of our portfolio are both a function of us wanting to change composition but also opportunistically divesting of assets and redeploying that capital.

I think the most notable change, frankly, is the Rite Aid, which I commented on. We're down from 1.6% to an effective 0.8% after the asset sales to Walgreens. And so now we're down to 4 Rite Aids, which is 0.8% of the portfolio. And so they're an immaterial -- we considered immaterial part of our overall portfolio. And so that's the most notable change there, which we're very pleased with and, frankly, came to fruition in the last 2 or 3 weeks.

It's a good question and those are 2 prime examples. First, I want to congratulate you. And we'll miss Dan, but we know how well you covered the net lease space, I just want to congratulate you on taking that seat.

Look, I'll tell you it's a function of our relationships. It's a function of the team here, sourcing creative opportunities through multiple different channels. I mean, I'm looking out of our conference room here, we have a fantastic growing and dynamic team. The acquisition team today is 7 people with an 8th starting this summer. We look at opportunities long term, short term. And that come from multiple directions inclusive of our relationships with tenants. And so it all starts with relationships in this business. Our relationships provide for some unique opportunities that you would be atypical from those net lease REITs, including those coastal opportunities to execute on. And so that, combined with our cost of capital today, allows us to go into Secaucus, New Jersey, allows us to go into Silicon Valley. And when we see an asset that we think is compelling, our team, frankly, in Secaucus was on the ground in 48 hours. And it's a function that -- that transaction was a function of relationships.

Well, I'll tell you -- no, we look -- when we enjoy a fantastic working relationship with T.J.Maxx, Jerry Rossi and our board, with the former President, we enjoy a fantastic working relationship with Michael's and with PetSmart. And so we feel like we have a unique perspective and unique insights that stem all the way from -- to the board level.

We're not big fans of the sporting goods sector overall. I think we have 2 Dick's Sporting Goods, one in Boyton Beach adjacent to the new Orchard Supply Hardware. We have 3 Academy Sports in our portfolio. We're not focused on adding any sporting goods, frankly, in our portfolio today. Our focus in the omnichannel retail world is hard or soft goods that can't be easily commoditized and sold over the Internet. And to me, a lot of the sporting goods space, the struggles stem with the experience of the shopper. And it's difficult for them to overcome. So our portfolio of Academy Sports, we have 3 Academy Sports. We anticipate that number going down in terms of overall ABR or percentage of ABR. Those 3 stores, 1 is a very high-performing store in Texas, 1 is in Belton, Missouri, which is a fantastic piece of real estate; a new Menards and a power center went up directly across the street. And the third is in Topeka, Kansas, which is also a high-performing store with a low basis. And so we're looking at those assets. We're watching Academy Sports, the overall trends in the sporting goods space, inclusive of the outdoor hunting and fishing component, which is obviously the gun component, which is topical today, the firearm component. And so I wouldn't anticipate us making additional investments in the sporting goods space. I would anticipate, frankly, the -- our exposure to continue to be reduced.

No. These were the first 4 organic developments for Mister Car Wash. They're the nation's largest carwash operator. Leonard Green sponsored the company, obviously. They've historically grown through the acquisition of independent or smaller chains. And we worked with Mister Car Wash to create an organic prototype, the 2 -- first 2 are opened in Bernalillo and Urbandale. The second 2 are now under construction in Florida, in Orlando and Tavares. And we'll see -- Mister Car Wash, we'll see most importantly, how those stores are performing. But no, we really don't have any competitors. It's a function of Mister Car Wash's ability to grow organically as well as inorganically through acquisitions.

Yes. So Secaucus is interesting, almost 60% of the NOI is tied to the HomeGoods-Marshalls combo store. It's a very extremely high-performing store. We talked about it in the prepared remarks. Outside of that transaction, our cap rates would have been materially higher. So that transaction was a mid-6 transaction, had a shorter lease term. T.J.Maxx, almost 60% of the NOI has about 8 years remaining. And that's really a strong performer for them. And so outside of that transaction, our cap rates would have been, what, 30, 40 basis points higher as well as -- as I said in the prepared remarks, it dragged down lease term model as well. I think what's most compelling is the underlying real estate for that transaction. It's irreplaceable. We know how the stores perform, which are very strong. And we think it's pretty compelling, given the dynamics of the New Jersey -- the New York market.

No. Single leases. So these were existing leases that were in place.

We're very confident that they would stick around. It was -- this wasn't a low 6 transaction, but we're very confident that they'll stick around. And we're very confident in the underlying real estate. But in terms of adding it into a master lease, we don't have any master leases. I'm not aware that they do with any of those -- with those tenants.

Yes. Same yields that we've historically been developing. So again, our target is 9% yields, really, across-the-board. Some projects come in higher, some projects come in a little bit lower, but same structure.

Yes. So first off, we sold no dark assets in 2017. Our preference is to sell assets that -- we don't wait a while until an asset goes dark. Most notably, the dark -- the assets, they drove up our disposition cap rates not -- directly on point with your question, with the Kmart in a Oscoda, Michigan, good luck to anybody besides my father, who developed it, finding the Kmart -- or finding us go to Michigan. But that disposition was, we looked at the real estate, we looked at the credit profile, it was the only Kmart that we didn't have a plan for. And we said, you know what, it doesn't fit the criteria of our portfolio. In terms of lease rollover in 2017, and we spoke to 2018, it's really unique for us. First of all, in 2017, we only had about half of those in real leases that rolled. The most material lease that we rolled was the Off Broadway Shoes in Boynton Beach, which we replaced with Orchard Supply Hardware. And so if you look at rent-to-rent or ABR-to-ABR or NOI-to-NOI, you're looking at effectively -- and I'll tell you, it's not a good sample or a good sample size, a 35% increase there, across those leases as expired and then in terms of '17 versus '18 on a run rate.

Yes. And look, I said that -- I wouldn't expect it on a go-forward basis. When you're going to replace an Off Broadway Shoes with an Orchard Supply Hardware with Lowe's corporate credit, that was a very unique opportunity there. I think it speaks to the quality of the underlying real estate as well as the lack of options for Off Broadway Shoes and the existing tenant.

Sorry, is your question -- it's an interest in what, in context of us as a seller or what we believe or perceive the markets' mindset to be?

Well, I would tell you, I hope it's fear. We're opportunistic. We like to make deals that we come up on the right side on. I would tell you, in terms of cap rates, cap rates and interest rates, is there a correlation? Sure, but it takes 6 to 12 months. So we haven't seen any sensitive change in cap rates. Well, we hope so. We hope -- I've often talked about how developers and owners typically were thinking about marketing an asset, they have 2 primary emotions, fear and greed. And we're hoping that, that flips over from greed to fear. And so we can -- that's when we're going to find better opportunities and more opportunities across all 3 of our origination platforms from organic development to short-term third-party leases. And so that will take time. This is a huge fragmented market. And so I'll tell you, when and if we see cap rates move, we're going to be the -- among the -- we're going to be the first mover.

Well, thank you for everybody for joining us this morning. And we look forward to seeing you at the upcoming conferences or speaking with you next quarter to discuss our first quarter 2018 results. Thanks again and have a great weekend.

Generally, I think our asset sales fall into a couple distinct buckets. First and foremost, we'll continue to target reduction of our Walgreens exposure. We've pretty well telegraphed what we perceive that exposure to be at year end. And we sold 1 Walgreens in Grand Rapid, Michigan during the quarter. And then we'll look both at opportunistic sales, most notably in the franchise restaurant space, but look then at opportunities to improve our portfolio like we talked about in the prepared remarks. I note our restaurant exposure is down 6.8% at the aggregate restaurant exposure year-over-year. Our quick service is down 150 basis points to 5.3%. Casual dining, similarly, is down 105 basis points to 1.5% this quarter. We really focused in on that casual dining exposures. It's not a space that we're overly comfortable with. And so you'll continue to see us execute on disposition transactions in those buckets.

No. In fact, our watch list continues to shrink. The Walgreens acquisition of the 2 Rite Aid stores, obviously, that was significant for us. The pending Kmart lease expirations that we touched on there. Obviously, Kmart will be gone from our portfolio fairly shortly here. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our portfolio has never been stronger, it's never been more diversified. The team here is doing a fantastic job sourcing opportunities across all 3 of our external growth platforms. And I'll add, you're only going to see our portfolio continue to improve. We're working on a number of very high quality transaction, as well as those non-core dispositions, with the goal of continuing to strengthen our leading portfolio of retailers here.

Yes, sure. Look, I'll start by saying we have a grand total of 5 movie theaters now in our portfolio with no near-term plans to add any additional. We have 3 AMCs with the completion of this transaction in the first quarter, 1 Cinemark and 1 Regal. So the portfolio, it's fairly diversified. With that said, we're real estate opportunists at our core. When sentiment goes one way, we have no problem taking advantage of any dislocations that we see out there in the market. This quarter's transaction was a very good example. The AMC that we acquired, there's more than 2x average revenue per screen and it has fantastic coverage. Very strong sales, we've seen them consistently rise year-over-year. There's no national competitor in the market. You combine that with the 16.5 years of remaining lease term as well as the increases in the base term as well as the options, and we think this fits well into our strategy. Movie theaters, we think, is a minority piece of our overall exposure. You'll continue to see it be a minority piece, but we think that it's at its peak right now.

Yes, Nick. We really haven't seen cap rates in the product that we're chasing move by any material way. We've seen some gapping out in secondary or tertiary product that really doesn't fit. Some larger boxes, frankly, we've seen cap rates gap out. It's really a binary world today. There is capital chasing in the high-quality asset, and then frankly, there's a significantly less capital chasing lower-quality asset. And so our &quot;sandbox,&quot; we haven't seen any material movement in cap rates yet. What we have seen is we've seen some transactions come back to us that, frankly, sellers were either holding out for higher pricing or went the way of a 1031 purchaser who failed to execute and we've seen what we call flowback. But in terms of material move in cap rates, we haven't seen anything of substance.

They have. And I would tell you, if anything, they have become more stringent. We are acutely and intensely focused here on the highest quality of real estate and the highest quality of operators. I just don't feel -- given the dynamic nature of the environment that we're in, I just don't feel that it's the right time to go up the risk curve. And we have the ability to really execute with the best of the best across our 3 external growth platforms. And you see that across acquisitions development as well as Partner Capital Solutions. So look, it's a highly fragmented market, it's a huge space. Our focus continues to be very tight.

I can't disclose because there's some confidentially provisions. I'll tell you, it's in line with our historical acquisitions. We've got some confidentiality provisions in both the purchase agreement as well as the lease. We'd love to give some more detail, but we've been advised not to.

Yes. So specifically to Mount Pleasant, that was a gross lease with Kmart, a $175,000 a year in annual rent effectively on a gross lease. So Kmart, on a net basis there, was really paying a de minimis amount of rent. You're talking about $40,000, plus or minus, on an annual basis. The Hobby Lobby transaction will be a reverse build-to-suit. Hobby Lobby will construct their own building, pretty typical for Hobby Lobby. It's a 15-year base term. Obviously, we're getting a significant credit upgrade, additional term, 50,000 square foot prototype store. Our investment there will be approximately $4 million, including the tenant improvement allowance for their reverse build-to-suit. And we're looking rents at -- in the upper mid-single digits there with growth every 5 years.

Yes. So we're going to completely demolish the existing Kmart structure, it's 80,000 square feet approximately. I grew up on that site with a -- driving a bulldozer as an original project that my father developed pre-IPO. So we're going to scrape that building, Hobby Lobby will build their new turnkey, and then we'll have 20,000 feet -- a pad of 20,000 feet adjacent to the Hobby Lobby, which we're fairly -- which we're confident is very marketable there. Then moving on to Frankfort, Kentucky -- we can come back to Mount Pleasant if you have another question. Moving on to Frankfort, Kmart was paying $2 gross in Frankfort, Kentucky. So about $165,000 a year on a net basis. We anticipate -- again, that lease expire, Kmart failed to exercise their option there. We anticipate demolishing that building as well, and we're working with a number of tenants that we hope to be able to announce, if not next quarter, fairly shortly here.

Well, I think -- I'll tell you, from the board's perspective, and I'll speak on behalf of the entire board, I think there's a few important principles in terms of the dividend. One is predictability. Two is transparency into our thinking, so I appreciate the question. And then three is sustainability, in current sustainability as well as growth sustainability. The board generally thinks about the dividend in line with AFFO growth. We've moved effectively to 2 times a year dividend raise. I don't think that's any secret -- or you can just look at the history, which gives better visibility for the board in terms of AFFO on an annual basis. And we have a number of different constituencies, as all net lease REITs do, from individual shareholders and retirees that life off the dividend to the other side, of dedicated investors who see it at their cheapest form of capital and retained earnings. So we like to strike a balance there. Obviously, I'm a significant shareholder, my family's a significant shareholder. We appreciate the dividend. At the same time, we understand that it's our cheapest form of capital. So I think you'll see us continue to strike that balance. Our stated range of 75% to 85% payout ratio of AFFO and FFO maintained. And you're right, we are at the low end at 74%, and there's obviously an opportunity to consistently be raising that dividend.

Well, I would tell you, we look at each individual opportunity across all 3 platforms as they stand on their own. And so obviously, they have different return thresholds, they have different parameters, different time horizons to execute on a development from an acquisition. Typical development takes -- from start to finish takes approximately 18 months. Our acquisition activity from LOI, execution of closing, averages 71 days. And so we look at every opportunity on its own. We don't have distinct -- I would tell you, we don't have distinct buckets that we need to deploy a certain amount of capital across any. We give our guidance for acquisitions because of that fragmented space. But development is really a function of relationships as well, and the Partner Capital Solutions is the same.

So we really haven't changed any yield with the development. We're still targeting, call it, 9% returns on development. Or on a variable basis, 250 basis points wide of where we can buy late-time product on the acquisition market. If we're going to deploy our capital, what I would tell you even more importantly, our human capital into a project and into a relationship, we have to be able to deploy, one, a material amount of capital; and then two, bring true value to the table and be value-add to all stakeholders there, including our tenants.

Potentially -- well, look. We look forward to working with Belle across our external platforms, our growth platforms. It's a growing company, it's a family owned company. It's a very prudent and disciplined company. They're opening 5 to 7 stores per year historically. And so we look at any opportunity to work with both Belle Tire and the Barnes family there.

No. Look, I'll tell you, we continue to work with all the top operators in the space. Just in the broader space, I'll talk about that. But the Belle Tire transaction was the notable transaction for us in the tire and auto service space during the quarter. In regard to the auto space and tangential spaces generally, I think what you see we're working with the best of the best. I mean, we're working with Mister Car Wash in the car wash space, O'Reilly and AutoZone in the auto parts space, Belle Tire today and Bridgestone and TBC in the tire and auto service space historically and now you see Gerber Collision in the collision space. Again, a company that's owned by Boyd Group of Canada, conservative, disciplined leaders in the collision space. And so we like all of these spaces, they're fantastic operators that we're working with. They're mission-critical brick-and-mortar assets. Obviously, they have an Internet resistance to them. They are fungible boxes. They are smaller price point assets. But again, most importantly, we're picking, we think, the strongest horses in those spaces. I think you'll continue to see us execute on transactions in auto parts, in tire and automotive service and related spaces. And we think it's a core piece of our investment philosophy.

Definitely, I think there's an opportunity to go beyond 7.7%. I don't think you're going to see it get outside of a range that -- frankly, a rational range. But it's a broad space. It's obviously a national space with a lot of fantastic operators. Again, that Internet resistance to it, that brick-and-mortar presence being integral. I don't think there's any cap in our minds. We'll continue -- I think the real cap is finding the amount of -- the right transactions with the right operators for us. So it's up to 7.7% tire and auto service generally from 5.6% year-over-year. We would have no problem growing that exposure going forward with the right transactions and the right operators.

Yes. I'll take your last question. Aldi's a fantastic operator. I think there are opportunities for us to add potentially additional Aldis in the portfolio. We look at opportunities all the time. We're a big fan of Aldi. Most of our Aldi assets, frankly, are ground lease where they build their own building on their own expense. And so we'll continue to look for opportunities to add Aldi to the portfolio. Discount grocery in general is a space that we're very fond of. And Aldi, we think, is a leader in that space. What was your first question, John?

Oh, right. Yes. It's a good question. Very different sources. I'll tell you that the Aldi at Chickasaw, Oklahoma is through our PCS platform with a private developer. It's a former Staples box that the developer is converting to an Aldi. And so we're working hand-in-hand, and we'll obviously own that asset, be simple on balance sheet, upon completion with that developer. The Burlington Coat, which is our first turnkey Burlington Coat, we acquired the land from a large-cap shopping center REIT who had been working on the transaction historically with Burlington. Obviously, they had some other areas of focus. And so it is a REIT that we've worked historically, we have a great relationship with. We took the transaction, ran with it. And then, obviously, broke ground this quarter.

Go ahead, sorry. No, go ahead, I'm sorry.

Yes, it's a good question. We have no -- there are no restrictions on our ability to raise equity, whether it's through the ATM or anything. So it really is just another tool in our tool belt. And the ATM, we could turn the ATM on at any time, obviously, subject to customary blackout periods. And just touching on the forward. I would tell you, from our perspective, it was a unique transaction. And just building upon what Clay said, this is a transaction that allowed us to lock in our intermediate cost of capital, frankly, to avoid the Twitter battle, the trade wars, the Mueller investigation, the Fed speak and all of the external noise that we have out there that we're subject -- all of us are subject to on a daily basis. Our #1 job is capital preservation. We believe that this transaction accomplishes not only that, but it also provides us complete optionality in regard to the balance sheet. And so the ATM is still able to be opened at any time, or traditional overnight offering is still accessible to us. I think there's a 3 clear takeaways for investors from the forward transaction. One, we're focused on delivering per share results for the short, intermediate and long term. We're significant shareholders sitting in this room, we're aligned, I think that shows. Two, we will think strategically and then execute tactically to mitigate those external risks that I spoke of and things that are outside of our control, to eliminate or mitigate those to the best of our ability. And then the three, and I think most importantly, this transaction shows that, frankly, I have complete confidence in our team to able -- to be able to source high-quality opportunities across our 3 investment platforms because we are not gratuitous capital raisers here. And so I think those 3 things are what we looked at, and forward solved for those 3 things. And so all tools remain in our tool belt. What this does is mitigate external risk, lock in our cost of capital for an intermediate term, and frankly, allow us to focus on what we do best, and that's source high-quality real estate transactions and actively manage our portfolio.

Yes. So these are a 20-year absolute net master lease. I can't give exact cap rates or dollar amount to it, Todd. But I'll tell you, it's in line with historical transactions for us, 7 stores, master lease, annual escalations. So it's a strong lease, again, 3x coverage like you said.

Yes, sure. So it's really a retrofit of former Staples box that the developer is really driving the bus on. Those retrofits for backfill second-generation space, 10-year transactions with Aldi are standard. Frankly, they don't -- typically don't go beyond 10 years, except on their typical build-to-suits, which are typically ground lease structures, as I mentioned, which go out to 20 years. So it's a retrofit of a former Staples box, 10-year base term. Obviously, all the corporate credit. And has a lower basis due to the retrofit nature of the former Staples.

We do. I believe all of them are actually ground leases where Aldi constructed, they're building. And those were 20-year leases.

No. No existing master lease. And I would think it would be fair to bet that Aldi has absolutely no master leases. Frankly, they don't even really like to lease, generally speaking, unless they're backfilling. But they don't typically master lease.

Well, thank you for -- everybody, for joining us. Good luck for the remainder of earnings season. And we look forward to seeing everybody at the upcoming NAREIT conference. Thank you.

Rob, our pipeline continues to grow with both retailers that we have historical relationships with as well as some new retailers that we're working at everything from market research to site selection. So we anticipate Q3 heading some new announcements and some new projects slated to commence during the quarter. But again, our focus continues to be on leveraging all 3 of our external growth platforms with relationships across the spectrum.

Exclusive of any dispositions of any Walgreens or any additional pharmacies, I would expect -- as we've telegraphed it, Walgreens will have a 5% handle in front of it in terms of their exposure. And our pharmacy exposure should be a sub-10% -- 10% or sub-10% by year-end, both through disposition activity or additional disposition activity as well as just sheer denominator growth, as we continue to bring new assets online.

We're not. And just for some -- really, some pricing color, the Waterford Walgreens that we sold was effectively at a 6.3% cap. That Walgreens had some 10 years left of term. It was a mediocre performer. The Walgreens post quarter close that we divested of in Delta Township was closer to a 6% cap, had a couple more years of term on it. So we're not seeing any pricing discrepancy in terms of quarter-over-quarter.

Yes. No, it's a good question. And look, I've watched Best Buy for years as the consumer electronics space went through some -- obviously, some dynamic changes. We watched CompUSA file for Chapter 7 liquidation, likewise with Circuit City, hhgregg appeared and then disappeared via a Chapter 7 liquidation as well. Look, Best Buy's management team has done a fantastic job with a number of initiatives that, frankly, defied many expectations. You may have seen the Bloomberg article on the last couple of days on their continued progress. They've built out a true omnichannel platform. They leveraged their vendor relationships to create store within a store concepts, which has driven the incremental traffic. They built out the Geek Squad in the service orientation of their business. They've entered aggressively into the appliance space with the downfall of Sears market share. Their online growth continues, while their same-store sales were plus 7% last quarter. So I think that, combined with their strong liquidity profile and their net debt-to-EBITDA of just over 2x and balance sheets are critical in today's changing environment, we view them as an omnichannel leader today. We're excited to have them join our top tenant list. It took us a few years to watch them transform the business, and we're very pleased with where they are. I would note that the major Best Buy acquisition that we made during the quarter was a fantastic piece of real estate is located in Hillsboro, Oregon, just outside of Portland. It's a relocation store, highly profitable for them. It's immediately adjacent to the top tenant -- the top target, excuse me, in the market. It's 3 miles from Nike's global headquarters. I was at the site about 6 weeks ago, and it was -- it's a fantastic piece of real estate. So Best Buy is the last man standing in the consumer electronics space, and we feel that they have dynamically transformed their business to be successful in an omnichannel world.

No. I'd tell you, Collin, it's really more of the same. You'll continue to see us divest of franchise restaurant exposure simply because of the pricing that's out there that we're able to achieve sub-6% or 6% cap. Pharmacy exposure, we'll continue to look at reducing, specifically the Walgreens on -- and redeploy that capital. You mentioned the Shopko. That was the only Shopko in our portfolio, obviously, a higher-yield sale. It was part of a portfolio acquisition, call it, 4 years ago, approximately. We thought it was appropriate, because it doesn't fit within the quality of our portfolio, to sell that asset. And so there's a couple of different buckets there. The majority of the assets that we're disposing of are opportunistic dispositions, and we can recycle the capital on accretive basis into, frankly, higher-quality assets. That's our focus.

I think mid- to -- mid-6s to low 7s is, on a GAAP basis, is most likely, on a cash basis, mid-6s, low-6s, depending on where some of these transactions play out. As we mentioned, we have $12 million that is held for sale at that quarter end there at 6/30. The Shopko and the Walgreens, obviously, were in there. And so we'll continue to opportunistically look to divest some of these assets.

Yes. Look, it's--00 million a quarter for Q1 and Q2 was really dead-on. I would be a hesitant -- there is cyclicality. There are seasonal changes. The team has done a fantastic job sourcing opportunities. They seem to come in waves. There's really no rhyme or reason for it. What we found here as the key is that we get ahead of the following quarter. And so when we're 60 days out, our average transaction takes 71 days from LOI execution to close. When we get to 60, 70 days out from quarter end, we shift our focus. So what we got, we got a growing and dynamic and talented team here. We're still learning, frankly, about the capabilities. But we're very pleased with where we are midyear, and we have visibility into that $350 million to $400 million or else we wouldn't put it out there for anybody.

Yes. No, it's a good question. First of all, we're really excited, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, to have Craig and Greg both onboard. They're both leaders of their respective organizations. This is a transitionary period for us. We anticipate going back down to 8, possibly 9, board members, but we thought it was appropriate for them to, no pun intended, to maintain their security clearances and have a transitionary period as we onboard them, and they can learn from the experiences of the board members that will be stepping off in the future.

Michael, look, I would say, the board continues to take appropriate steps at a consistent pace to improve all aspects of the company. So last year, we created a defined compensation plan with short- and long-term incentives for the named executive officers. To date this year, we've added 2 board members. We terminated the rights agreement this quarter as well. So I think you can expect us to continue to look at -- the board to continue to look at any and all ways to improve the organization and including potentially de-staggering the board at when they feel the appropriate time is.

I don't think there's any hesitation to improve corporate governance, and I think we -- I think the board has taken a number of proactive steps inclusive of these 2 new board members in terms of governance and age and board tenure. I think there are multiple perspectives of staggered boards. There are merits and considerations to those staggered boards. This is a dynamically growing company with a lot of moving pieces, obviously, a lot of top line activity. We're growing by nearly 30% a year. And I think the board wants to take -- I'll speak on behalf the entire board, wants to take a measured and appropriate look at all aspects of corporate governance and not necessarily be reactionary but do things at what they feel is the right time.

Well, I think, look, our business model, I agree, is overly complicated. But at the same term, it's a long-term business model. Our weighted average lease term of over 10 years, the nature of how we look at real estate, the nature how we look at portfolio construction and frankly, our place in the net lease and overall retail universe has a long-term perspective. And so I think there are merits to a -- de-staggering a board and annual elections. There are also considerations. And the last thing we want to do is encourage a short-term mentality, and I think that's a consideration. I think we want to have a mentality that's appropriate for the duration of our leases, for the &quot;holding period&quot; of our assets. And so again, I think there are merits and considerations of it, and I think the board has done and the company has done a fantastic job continuing to transform itself as a high-growth organization albeit maybe in a simplistic business.

Look, I think there are merits to everything that you're saying, Michael. I would encourage people to look at our short-, our medium- and our long-term returns. I don't believe it served as a, necessarily, as a direct impediment to the total returns that we've provided shareholders in those periods of time.

No. It really has, and I would tell you that we -- as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, and people can see on the slides, our pharmacy concentration in 2013 was 37%. It's now down currently to 10.5%. Our Walgreens concentration in 2013 was 27.5%, now down to 6.7%. And so that trend in trajectory will continue, both by denominator growth as well capital recycling. In terms of the Amazon-PillPack acquisition, first, I would tell you, I don't think it's overly relevant to comment on the size of the acquisition or PillPack only doing $100 million in revenue, or frankly, the history of mail-order pharmacy or Internet pharmacy, so I'll keep -- I want to keep those comments to a minimum. I think pharmacy, like many retail industries, the vast majority of them today is now in the headlines. And I would tell you that, that's -- I wouldn't underestimate a few components of the pharmaceutical business and the retail pharmaceutical business, most notably the convenience, the urgency as well as the service component. On the same end, nor would I get too carried away with headline risk. We've seen it basically with every retail sector in the past year, with Amazon potentially or inherently ending up entering into it through an acquisition or organically. What I do think is most relevant is the realization, and it's something that we firmly believe here, is that we're going through a dynamically changing retail world today, an omnichannel world. And so for me, there's really 3 critical things. Number one, we have the best operators in any sector. We believe Walgreens and CVS are the 2 best operators. Two, that they occupy high-quality real estate on -- with strong residuals, and these are hard corners. We frankly sold pharmacy exposure from the bottom of our portfolio. And then lastly and most importantly, we don't have a crystal ball, and we don't claim to. We want a diversified portfolio from a tenant and sector perspective, and that's what we have then stated that we're going to achieve and what we've executed, too. So I'm very confident that we'll meet these objectives. We'll continue to adhere to them. I think all you have to do is follow the trends that I spoke to, and you can see visually on these slides kind of what that trajectory is. And so we have a clear strategy. We're going to execute it today. And again, Walgreens is down to 6.7% of our portfolio today, and you only see that number go down, and we're very comfortable with the real estate underlying.

No. We've built for the future of this organization from people, processes and systems. Our acquisition and transactional team now is comprised of 11 people. That includes our diligence team. That team, just 2 years ago, was 4 or 5 people. And so we're built from -- built for growth. We've invested several hundred thousand dollars in systems in this organization from CRM to database software to things, frankly, that I can't even operate. But the team here has done a fantastic job, and we're projecting forward. We anticipated this growth. We've anticipated the trajectory, and frankly, we're built to continue into the future to ADC 3.0.

Yes, sure. So the Camping World in Grand Rapids is about $9 million, $9.5 million project. This Camping World was a former -- it's really a retrofitting expansion of an existing operation. Camping World operated the retail store but didn't operate the motor vehicle dealership portion of it. So the store is effectively complete now. It will be in line with our historical PCS yield. It's the third Camping World in our portfolio. The transactions we've done with Camping World now very -- really, it's a good example of what we can provide retailers in terms of value, 1 ground up build-to-suit in Georgetown, Kentucky; a Tyler, Texas effectively sale-leaseback with the renovation component; and now the PCS project in Grand Rapids, Michigan. I would tell you, don't expect us to do any large-scale sale-leasebacks, those types of financing transactions with Camping World. We're going to stick to our knitting and look to create and provide value to our shareholders. In terms of the Aldi, that's a renovation a former Staples box through our PCS platform with a private developer, just over about $3 million in costs, similar yield hurdles for that project. It's our first turnkey Aldi project. We're excited. All of the Aldis in our portfolio currently, I believe, are ground leases. And so we're a big fan of Aldi, the discount grocery business. We think -- as much headline as Amazon is getting in this country in terms of entering grocery through the acquisition of Whole Foods, Aldi is probably as or more disruptive as any of the grocers in this country today with their low price and efficient model. And so this will be a new Aldi prototype. The stores are absolutely beautiful on the inside, and we're excited for that store to get open and operating.

It's about 20,000 feet, about 20,000. It's a former Staples box, so it's a retrofit of that Staples right off the freeway.

The -- there was about -- let me double check. But I believe there was approximately 10, 11 years remaining on the lease. We took the impairment and subsequently sold it during the third quarter. That was upper single digits, 10% cap, almost, cap rate there. We just frankly, don't -- number one, we don't like holding assets if and until a tenant vacates through a bankruptcy or a lease expiration. We don't hold on to assets, and we don't believe in the residuals, and we don't hold on to assets, frankly, that we don't believe in the business model on a go-forward basis. So it was an appropriate thing for us to do to eliminate our only Shopko exposure and keep our focus intently on the best operators in their respective sectors that we're focused on.

Yes. So the quarter was really comprised of fast food restaurants; a Sonic restaurant fast food operator franchise, a couple of Burger Kings and the Walgreens. The GAAP cap rate on those is really driven by the remaining lease term on the franchise restaurants, which capped out. On a cash basis, those dispositions were in the 6%, 7% range on a cash basis. So we look at it and say, you know what, it's an opportunity -- these are opportunistic sales, and we think there is the appropriate thing to recycle the capital and reduce exposure.

Those are effectively flat. Waterford had a small bump that took it up into the mid-6s, 6.4%, 6.5%.

No. So our grocery exposure is really dominated by national operators, leading operators. We're not interested in second or third tier. We acquired a Stop &amp; Shop on a ground lease during the quarter. So it's a ground leased Ahold Delhaize, high-performing store, which we did some lease modifications with the tenant commensurate with the transaction. The remainder of our grocery exposure is geographically and tenant diverse. It's one Publix, it's Ruler Foods, Krogers, deep discount, its Walmart Neighborhood Market, Dollar General Market, one Hy-Vee, an H-E-B in Texas, really, those leading operators national and regional. We're not interested in B or C operators in the grocery space.

Well, I want to thank everybody for their patience this morning and for joining us. And we look forward to speaking with you again with our third quarter results. Have a good week. Thank you, everybody.

Yes, Rob. I think it's fair to say that those cap rates were generally lower on a ground lease transaction. At the same time, the rent per square foot along with the underlying real estate reflects the ground lease nature of those transactions. The notable ground lease transaction during the quarter was the Walmart in Manassas, Virginia, which is a supercenter, a high-performing store, paying really $354 a square foot. And so I'll tell you when we invest in larger boxes, Walmart, Home Depot, Lowe's, et cetera, we obviously prefer ground lease structure rather than have our capital invested into the building improvement itself. So we'll continue to find opportunities and execute opportunities. I'll tell you our pipeline has some more opportunities that are similar to the Walmart in Manassas as well as the Texas Roadhouse. And we think it's a great risk-adjusted return.

Yes, no, it's a great question, Rob, and it goes straight to the heart of our strategy, frankly. The only correction I would make is obviously pharmacy has decreased year-over-year 350-plus basis points as well. But you're correct to point out the restaurant quick service decrease of roughly 130 basis points. We prefer industry-leading retailers in those omnichannel sectors which had moats around their businesses that are, frankly, small-box retailers that we're going to buy a fee simple interest on a turnkey basis or -- frankly, or develop for them. Tire and auto service. Specifically, there are some very high-quality names that we have very good relationships with. National Tire and Battery, Goodyear. And so we target those across all 3 of our external growth platforms. The same can be said for auto parts. We are very active. O'Reilly and AutoZone are both now top tenants for us. You're looking at the average of -- average box size of 6,000 to 8,000 square feet, Main &amp; Main retail corridors, investment-grade balance sheets, low rents per square foot, easily fungible boxes for re-tenanting if and when they were ever to vacate the premises. And so those are sectors that we -- frankly, we're very attractive to and we will continue to invest aggressively as well as off-price with T.J.Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Ross as well as Burlington. So I think your question goes, as I said, right to the heart of our strategy. It's the strategy we've been executing on for a number of years and you'll continue to see us execute on in the future.

It's a good question. Car wash is in auto service. So maybe push the car wash...

Correct, but there's also a significant number of tire stores in there as well for National Tire and Battery, Bridgestone, Firestone, Goodyear, Big O Tires and so -- and then the sale-leaseback with Belle Tire early in the year.

Yes, close to date, in the first 3 weeks approximate, call it, $10 million to $15 million, nothing significant. It will be back-end loaded. The team was really focused on the number of transactions where we were closing at the end of Q3. I think we had 16 closings the last week of the third quarter. And so the transaction team was very busy there. In terms of the guidance, the increase in guidance, we want to give people the straight shot. And so we see, obviously, visibility to that $425 million to $475 million. You can assume that's either under contract or letter of intent. The challenge today, and we have 70 days of visibility and we talked about that on prior calls with investors, is that we don't know if somebody's transactions could push into the first quarter of 2019, depending upon the -- often sellers as well as retailers providing staples and the likes. So the only uncertainty we have there is the timing of these transactions. I'll tell you we're already building our Q1 pipeline. And so as these transitions progress, we'll get some more visibility.

Yes, sure. So one Walgreens was sold during the quarter. It was in Waterford, Michigan approximately 10 years left remaining base term there. I'll tell you it's a BB- store, and that's sold at approximately 6.25% cap.

Sure, we spent some time with them just the last couple of weeks. I'll tell you Mattress Firm, first, we were wary of that business model. To start the store clustering never made too much sense to me to have 2 or 3 stores in any given intersection or retail corridor. The real estate team, frankly, had a very poor reputation from the beginning. We have a total of 9 stores in the portfolio. We sold one subsequent to quarter end. We have another store under contract to sell. So we anticipate having 8 stores here quite shortly. None of our stores have been closed or the lease rejected. I'll tell you that nearly all of our stores are outlet -- out locked, excuse me, to Target-, Walmart- or T.J.Maxx- anchored centers. So I think, again, it's emblematic of our real estate underwriting. If you look at our stores, they're fantastic pieces of real estate. And so we've been -- we haven't been part of any of the few hundred store closures or leases rejected that we've seen today.

I think we have another disposition under contract. I'll tell you I don't think we'll have any re-tenanting. I think it's fair to assume that our expectation is that all of these -- all of our stores remain open.

Yes, our team was down at Sunbelt, our development team, last week. It's a fantastic relationship. We're working with Sunbelt obviously on these 2 projects that we've announced as well as additional projects. The 2 projects we've announced are re-tenanting of existing structures. We also anticipate pursuing some ground-up opportunities with Sunbelt as well as some potential acquisitions. And so we'll continue to execute across all 3 platforms. Returns will be in line with our historical thresholds.

Yes. I would tell you that asset pricing, we haven't seen any movement in the 10-year -- correlated to the 10-year as you mentioned since August. High-quality assets such as the assets that we're acquiring and developing continue to trade in a similar range throughout the year, even with that 70 basis point increase in the 10-year since the start of the year. We'll see what that correlates to in 2019. But I think we're going to continue to see the bifurcation of high-quality versus low-quality, similar to what we've seen in the shopping center and the mall space. And there is a lot of capital chasing the high-quality asset, typically 1031 and private dollars.

Look, I'll tell you we look at every transaction in its entirety. And we're true aggregators. So in terms of a run rate, the team here has grown both by headcount as well as continues to grow in their terms of their professional development. And so our origination team today had 70, but we just hired a new analyst, who will also be joining the team. That team continues to produce fantastic opportunities. In terms of go-forward guidance, I'd be honest, I didn't think we would have $425 million to $475 million at the beginning of this year. We'll evaluate where we are. We'll have some visibility in the Q1 shortly. And as we've historically released, we'll release our initial guidance the first week of January as well as the total of our acquisitions in 2018.

Not really. I mean, there was a couple of portfolios that called in at $8 million to $12 million range. But outside that, it's truly aggregation. So it becomes challenging to predict the timing, it becomes challenging to predict the volume. But the team here continues to produce high-quality opportunity. Just to give you a sense of our pipeline for Q4, a little bit back to Christy's question as well. 70 -- over 70% of our pipeline, as it stands right now, for Q4 is investment-grade retailer. It's dominated by Walmart, Home Depot, National Tire and Battery, O'Reilly, AutoZone, the highest-quality names in those sectors. Those are all one-off opportunities that some we've been working on for 6 months, some we've been working on for 3 weeks or above. And so it really builds. It comes in waves typically. The summer months are normally quiet. But we're going to continue to be actively sourcing high-quality opportunities.

Yes, we're very pleased to have added to that team recently. So Jon Bauman joined us, previously at Ramco Group, since Josh Bratton moved over from the diligence side to Director of Development. And so Laith is doing a fantastic job building and growing that team. We've invested, we've completed or commenced roughly $60 million to date in 2018. We anticipate a couple of more projects commencing quite shortly here in Q4 as well. In terms of allocation of resources and G&amp;A, we're investing across all areas of the business today. Our headcount is up to 37, we're currently in process of expanding our footprint in terms of office. We're out of seats here. We're investing aggressively in terms of people, processes and systems because we know we have the balance sheet and the capabilities to continue to grow across all 3 platforms. And then importantly, we have the support from the lease administration, asset management and accounting perspective.

Correct.

Sure. So Old Navy exercised their contractual option in Wisconsin. That was a 20,000-square-foot store paying approximately $320,000 a year annually. 5-year option. CPI bump embedded in that option. In terms of the remaining 2 leases expiring this quarter, one is a small dressbarn space, which we're already at LOI with another tenant. And then lastly, the remaining lease expiration is the Kmart in Capital Plaza of Frankfort, Kentucky, which -- their option has lapsed. And I talked about the development that is underway at that project.

Sure. We only -- about 1.8% coming up next year. The 2 biggest pieces of that are a Dave &amp; Buster's in Austin, Texas which pays percentage rent, and the store was recently remodeled. And so we're confident there. The second piece is our only remaining Kmart in Grayling, Michigan, which we look forward to recapturing at some point if and when that lease gets rejected through this year's bankruptcy. So those are the 2 big pieces for us. The Kmart was our initial asset from the IPO of the 16 that were put in 1994. We think there is opportunities there to re-tenant and potentially redevelop that asset, similar to the Mount Pleasant and Frankfort assets that are undergoing redevelopment currently.

They are.

They are not. No, no. Excuse me, they are not sale-leasebacks. We're big fans of Tractor Supply hence the jump this quarter. The company has a -- a very conservative company. We have a fantastic relationship with their real estate team. The business is really thriving. They have no national competition. They also have the highest-rated e-commerce website of any retailer. The profits have increased in the average of 9% since 2012. Sales per square foot are approaching $260 a foot. Just for context, Macy's did about $195. And lastly, they have a lease adjusted leverage ratio of approximately 2x. So it's tough to beat that.

Typically, Tractor Supply signs -- executes 15-year initial base terms on approximately 1.5-acre to 2-acre stores. Prototypical stores are approximately 19,000 square feet plus an outdoor storage area. And so they are a force to be reckoned with in the farm and rural supply space. And we continue to enjoy a relationship and look for opportunities with them.

The cap rate x the Shopko sale...

6.9%.

Yes, so that's T.J.Maxx. We acquired an asset in Morgan, Utah. The Burlington and Nampa, Idaho came online so that was the development project in Burlington -- in Nampa that we completed during the quarter. And so really off-price retail is comprised typically of 3 tenants for us: T.J.Maxx, that's Marshalls, HomeGoods as well as the namesake; Ross; as well as Burlington. And we're looking for opportunities and, frankly, executing on opportunities to continue to add exposure there.

Well, thank you, everybody, for joining us. Good luck on earnings season. And we look forward to speaking with you in neighboring California. Talk to you soon. Thank you.

Yes. I think the Sherwin-Williams deal was a unique transaction. There's nothing in our pipeline of that nature, of that size. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've seen a significant pool of opportunities with our retail partners, smaller opportunities, but nothing of size of Sherwin-Williams. That was really an atypical opportunity for us. But we continue to assess both the typical granular sourcing activities as well as larger opportunities as well.

Yes. We're very pleased to have commenced our first project with Gerber in Round Lake. We're working on a number of opportunities with a number of retailers inclusive of Gerber. Gerber, of course, is owned by the Boyd Group of Canada. We think they're the premier auto collision operator in the United States, very conservative company, very conservative balance sheet. We'll continue to work with them on all types of opportunities through all 3 external growth platforms, Partner Capital Solutions acquisition. And hopefully, we're able to also layer in more development activity in the future.

Yes. Christy, it's a good question. Yes, I referenced some unique opportunities. I'll tell you we're working on everything. Some are under contract, going through different diligence, have different unique attributes. So everything from urban condos that we're working on in core city center locations to smaller sale-leaseback transactions with our retail partners to our typical granular sourcing activity inclusive of early extensions or what we call blend and extends. And so the timing on a number of those transactions because of the complexities of them can be a little bit more difficult to pin down. They're typical 71 days from LOY execution to closing. But at the same time, we're seeing more and more of those unique real estate opportunities to fit into our pipeline. In terms of timing between front-end or back-end loaded, it's hard to pin down. I'll tell you our pipeline is of a similar quality and of similar nature as we executed in Q4, albeit, most likely not as big, given the Sherwin-Williams transaction. But we think it's a robust pipeline in a fragmented market, and we see tremendous opportunity.

So I think to your last point, does it -- sure, it enables us, but I'll tell you our discipline from a 30,000-foot perspective and our perspective on an omnichannel retail world and our bottoms-up underwriting analysis are really the drivers of our asset-level or portfolio-level transactions. And so we are very selective in terms of granular. I'll tell you we're even more selective in terms of sale-leaseback transactions. We don't want anybody to think that we're the corporate -- we're the provider of finance for corporate America. That's just not our business model. There are a handful of tenants where we have unique relationships. There are industry leaders such as Sherwin-Williams, where we will look back at sale-leaseback transactions. But if and when we do look at those transactions, I think it's fair to assume we're also looking at granularly sourcing one-off opportunities, potentially developing for them or deploying our PCS capabilities simultaneously.

Yes. I'll tell you just given the growth of our ground lease portfolio up to 9%, I mean, we're paying significantly below replacement costs, because, of course, we're not actually purchasing a building. And so the reversionary interest in the ground lease portfolio, again, adding another Walmart Supercenter, another Home Depot opportunity there is pretty unique. And so I would tell you the same is for some of the junior boxes that we've acquired, most notably the T.J.Maxxes and the Rosses and of course, the Burlingtons here, one of which we developed, of course. But I think from a replacement cost perspective, we're able to find opportunities, given our relationships with tenants and also the unique transactional structure in the ground lease portfolio, which is fairly significantly below replacement costs.

Yes. So the Big Lots you're referencing is the redevelopment of the former Kmart in Capital Plaza in Frankfort, Kentucky. And so demolition is almost complete. The team was on site yesterday. Demolition of the former Kmart box, the 80,000-foot box, is almost complete. We're building a 3-tenant, all on net leases: 3-tenant, 3 juniors lined up, Aldi, which we're very excited to add, Harbor Freight Tools as well as Big Lots. Big Lots is an investment-grade operator. The overall asset upon completion will be comprised of those 3 tenants. The recently created Chick-fil-A outlot, a freestanding Walgreens and a Family Dollar, which potentially will be converted to Dollar Tree. And so we're really pleased to be able to actually harvest the value. We were very pleased to get the Kmart box back. They were paying $2 net. And there's some true incremental upside there. In terms of holding it long term, I think we'll get it complete. We'll get it open and operating. We anticipate rent commencing in 2020, and then we'll make a decision whether or not it's a core asset for us to hold in the portfolio.

Every asset is unique. Obviously, credit quality, real estate, term, store performance, replacement costs, residual value, synergy, access, visibility are all critical. I think what people are going to -- and our job, I should say, is to articulate better throughout the course of this year is to understand the different sub-portfolios in contact of the overall portfolio, which today spans over 650 assets. We talked a lot about our ground lease portfolio, over 9%. We now have some additional ground lease assets we'll be adding, which are fairly -- frankly, very compelling. We have a number of -- as I mentioned earlier with Christy, a number of urban condos, which are very interesting in our portfolio as well as our pipeline. We have a hard corner portfolio and dominant intersections. We have junior boxes adjacent to Targets and Costcos and dominant retailers positioned within their market, and we also have outlots to dominant power and grocery-anchored centers. And so I think people are going to see we're going to do a better job of it. It's one of our goals this year. The high-quality nature of the portfolio and, frankly, the diversified nature of this portfolio because we believe it's the best retail portfolio not only from a credit perspective but from a real estate quality perspective in the country today.

Sure. Todd, so the -- specifically on the Walmart, that Walmart has approximately 10 years remaining, high-performing store, really a high-quality asset, great, fantastic underlying real estate. The Home Depot in Forked River, New Jersey, I believe, has 17 years, correct me if I'm wrong, 17 years -- 19 years of remaining term, so that's a long-term Home Depot ground lease in New Jersey. So they'll be there for a while. With that Home Depot ground lease, we also acquired an outlot, which was a Taco Bell ground lease in Forked River as well as an Aldi on a turnkey basis. And so again, we're looking at high-quality real estate here with best-in-breed tenants, and we'll continue to look for those opportunities and we see them in our pipeline.

No. No. Both of those transactions are in the mid-6s.

I'll leave it to Clay, but you can expect us to continue to be an unsecured borrower, using -- leveraging at the private placement market. Anything to add, Clay?

Well, the general merchandise, the driver there is the Walmart ground leases. So that is the driver in terms of general merchandise. To your second question, in terms of contrarian, we just don't see investment opportunities -- we just don't see that, and I personally don't see that as a driver for our growth on a go-forward basis. Now if we find something with real estate fundamentals that has a tenant that doesn't fit within our proverbial sandbox, below market rents or an opportunity or we have a backfill candidate, we'll look at it, but I tell you that we see tremendous opportunity based just in the fragmentation of the market that's in front of us and all of the opportunities that the team here is uncovering through the 3 external growth platforms. So I think you can expect more of the same from us: consistency, stability. But we are real estate opportunists at our heart, and we'll look at opportunities such as that.

Yes. They really have not drifted, and so we've sold effectively long-term Walgreens, medium-term Walgreens. We have -- really haven't seen any drift. And just to give you an example, we have a couple Walgreens right now that are under contract, still subject to basic diligence requirements that are in the upper 5s and low 6 cap. So we haven't seen any cap rate drift. We continue to look to prudently redeploy those proceeds and diversify the portfolio.

Correct. So we've closed 98. There are -- I would tell you there are 10 plus or minus that are still going through diligence, title survey, environmental or have some miscellaneous. The exact amount of the transaction in terms of purchase price and number of assets that we will end up losing in the first quarter still a little bit open in the air. I would anticipate plus or minus 10.

No. It's a great question, and it holds true today. Blackstone, obviously, with their nontraded vehicle has led the fundraising efforts and proportionally has generated the majority, the vast majority, of fundraising. We don't see them playing in the $4 million to $5 million space, which is our typical granular activity. They're really in retail in their nontraded vehicle. And so the competition -- institutional competition that we face is fairly de minimis. Our typical competitors are private individuals, 1031 buyers. And we don't run into the same competitor regularly or even 2 times. And so again, the fragmentation of the market, our positioning, our cost of capital, our balance sheet, and most importantly, I'll tell you, our relationships and the quality of the team here continues just to ramp our pipeline and uncover opportunities that are -- that we think are really unique.

Yes. I think that -- look, I think that is the starting point ex Sherwin-Williams. That transaction effectively materialized in 30 days at the end of last year. And then we start every year clean. I mean, we have 60 to 70 days of visibility. We put a number out there to start the year that, frankly, we are fairly confident that we'll be able to achieve. We don't want to set the bar too high or the bar too low. Again, we're opportunistic in a huge space in a fragmented market. And so I will tell you as the year progresses, we get more visibility. Right now we have visibility where Q1 is generally going to end up, and we're working into Q2 and Q3. And I wouldn't preclude raising that as we progress through the year and get increased visibility, that acquisition target volume.

No. I think that's generally a fair proposition. And I'll tell you that the 4.9% earnings growth that you quoted was post treasury impact from the treasury impact required by the forward equity offerings. The opportunistic capital markets transactions, the March and the September forward and then the ATM activity put ourselves in a position to continue to ramp and accelerate that growth in 2019. Our stated goal was to provide double-digit growing shareholder returns. That's comprised of 2 pieces in my mind: AFFO as well as a growing and well-covered dividend. And so I think the premise of your question is true. That being said, when there's opportunities for access to long-term capital at attractive pricing, we'll execute on those opportunities or at least assess them. And we never want to be caught up thinking quarter-to-quarter over year-over-year. But the company, the investment spreads that we have, the smaller base that we have, the high-quality assets that we're looking at and acquiring through all 3 platforms provides for meaningful, and, we think, on a relative basis, significantly meaningful risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders that are outstretched from our peers.

Well, I thank you, everybody, for your patience and for joining us today. We look forward to seeing, hopefully, many of you in the upcoming conference season. Thanks, again.