Well, thank you, Colin, on the first comment. As you look at the year, I think there are some uncertainties out there. We mentioned commodity prices. Again, we think our range covers that.
We also mentioned our top-line sales, which we're monitoring closely, which we said are a little softer than we had initially guided towards. But overall margin improvement has been good, so I could see ourselves on a positive side to those numbers. But I think we have to see how the year develops, and revenue probably being the biggest variable for us.

Yes, Colin. It's a good question. For one, we were very happy with the 50-basis-points improvement, especially being down a couple hundred million dollars in revenue. Because it's obviously a variable there.
So as we move forward, a couple of things. We are, as Bruce mentioned, at the first step of separating from the corporate structure and seeing what Adient's corporate structure as compared to that Johnson Controls had. That's in place, that's done, and that's reflected in the numbers.
There are a number of initiatives, as we've talked about, that are going on, multiple, multiple ones across the Company of driving down those numbers further. Those should be steady really through this year and next year to drive us to those performance numbers. So I would really expect by the end of FY18, you should start to see those numbers flow through.
The good news here too is we think we'll get down to a number, and our SG&amp;A percent as a percent of sales will get there. But as sales come back up with our order book, and as that order book starts to launch, we don't see ourselves having to really add to that. So that will also help our margin too as the sales improves.

Yes. Maybe I'll go in reverse a little bit on that one. If you think of our supply chain, the JIT side of the business has to be co-located effectively with our customer. If our customer is in Mexico or our customer is in the US, you'll generally see our JIT plant right next door. So not anything moving over the border in that regard.
As you look at our metals and our foam business, it's generally regional sourced. It doesn't ship terribly well. Generally you find those in region or country. There's a couple you might see right over the border, but fairly easy to adjust because we have foam and metal plants on both sides of the border. Those things should be fairly reasonable.
So as we mentioned, the cut and sew side of the business is really the more complex one because it's so labor intensive. It's just never been economical, and it's a question of whether those jobs would be the ones desired back in the US anyway. But as you look at the border tax in general, or I guess the numbers, let's just talk about numbers, we have about $0.5 billion of net purchases from third parties, Colin. That $0.5 billion, a lot of it is directed by our customers.
I mentioned we obviously work with our customers if the border tax is actually in place there. Then from a net export standpoint -- and this isn't just to Mexico, this is really globally -- there's about another $500 million of intracompany movements that we would have, which would mostly be that cut and sew business on top of that.

I'm sorry. Imports. A net import of about $500 million intracompany.

Yes.

Supplier. Yes. Correct.

Correct. On the second part of it. The intracompany side.

A little less.

Yes.

I think I gave you the cash balances in China at Deutsche Bank. So our seating business at the end of December had something around a $1.1 billion net cash position across all of the JVs. YFAI had something around a net $300 million of net cash. What we're told and to Bruce's earlier comments, we have seen dividend flows continuing uninterrupted. We've been told to continue to expect that as we go forward during the year.
As far as our ability to extract a large amount of that net cash balance I just mentioned right away, I wouldn't anticipate that in the short-term. But we'll obviously look to continue working with our partners. The good news is our partners in China enjoy those cash dividends as well. We expect those flows to continue. The really strength of their balance sheet gives us further optimism to support that those flows will continue in the future.

Yes, good question, John. What that was, was we set a bunch of pegs up with Johnson Controls, as you can imagine, as we were preparing the spinoff. As our systems were being converted and all of the noise around the year end and our separation, there was a variety of, we'll say, AP, accounts payable, that should have really fallen into FY16 that slipped into FY17.
The big part of that mechanism we had with Johnson Controls is just truing up for those amounts. So for the most part, you can think of those things as really should have been included in the 2016 cash flow. So the reality is 2017 should be better by those amounts.

It is included in the $250 million.

Yes. So we're adding it to our free cash flow and our free cash flow guidance -- I said we should be able to deliver the $250 million, and I did include, or maybe a bit more.

Yes.

Yes. Emmanuel, I think you can think of at today's rate, it's a couple hundred million dollars of exchange pressure that we have for the year. Then we've also seen some volume softness as well. So I would say it's a mix between the two.

Plus the $20 million for the amortization, so it's $377 million.

Yes. That's with some weaker exchange too, Emmanuel. So as Bruce said, we've now started 2017 after a very good 2016 calendar year in China. They're coming back off their holiday. We'll see how incentives and other things play out.
But with the R&amp;D where it is, we definitely see growth; but we've hedged that. So about $25 million growth, give or take, in equity income, reflecting exchange.

But we've seen stable margins. Look, we have to work very hard to keep it. But that's the environment -- I wouldn't want to say that it's an easy market because all of the markets are difficult from our experience in China. This feels like previous years with the same level of difficulty. But we do see the environment conducive of stable margins for ourselves.

It can be a bit erratic too. You noticed even 2017 had -- there's a big jump between 2017 and 2018 in that chart and then it comes back. I do think we can still influence 2019, as Bruce mentioned.
The point here is those are net growth numbers on the joint ventures. They have certainly a good growth outlook for this year and next year, and we can still influence 2019.

Right.

In general, if you look at the content for vehicle in China market compared to the rest of the world, it's lower. So we think we'll all benefit there, as there's a bit more investment in the seat on a per-vehicle basis. That should benefit us and our competitors as well.

Yes. Good question. The first quarter had a lot of noise into it for the cash we received from Johnson Controls to really true-up from really some of the cash that should have outflowed in FY16 that didn't come out until this year and then was reimbursed by them. So as you look forward, I would say generally there is a lot of things in the first quarter.
The coming Adient bucket for a lot of those things relating to separation expense were elevated in our Q1. We wouldn't see the same pace. Although they will continue through the year, they should continue at a lower rate.
Restructuring was probably fairly consistent, should be fairly consistent throughout the year. We talked about an elevated level of restructuring as really part of our whole investment thesis and, the first couple years of our existence, elevated levels of restructuring.
So the coming Adient expenses are probably higher in the first quarter but will continue through the year. Really shouldn't be too much that floats into 2018. The restructuring should be a 2017 and 2018 event. As those two things go away and you start to get the benefit of the margin enhancements, really seeing the pace of that cash flow conversion accelerating a little bit next year but much more in 2019.

Right. Yes.

Yes. Just to give you numbers behind that, we have approximately $300 million of restructuring in our cash flow and $100 million of separation becoming Adient expenses. So that's $400 million as a pool that should really come away as margin is expanding, et cetera, to really kick start that $250 million upwards for cash flow.

Yes. The price performance during the quarter was pretty good. I would say we did a good job in a few areas. You think of margin, so let's talk about material margin in general.
We were able to maintain material margin, such that the net pricing that we had to our customers was essentially recaptured through commercial actions. We were able to do some mixed elements that was beneficial to us, as well as savings from our purchasing group. So that was a probably even slightly positive equation for us in the quarter.
As you look at the operational performance, very strong globally. Bruce mentioned that. Really all of our operations contributed to the improvements. So it's a bit of a mix, but I would say it's heavier on the operational side.
Places like South America did a nice job. Our North America operations did a really nice job of converting during the quarter.

But, again, as we mentioned, we should be covered in our guidance as we look at it today.

As those prices settle, the pricing will catch up from our customers. Because your point, it's somewhere between a quarter is probably the most common. But as Bruce said, every customer has their own flavor to it.
Sometimes we have a longer term contract of how we buy our steel, too. So the timing -- there can be some timing gaps there. But net-net, we will recapture those in price. It's just going to be a little noisy for a couple of quarters.

Colin, great question. We have -- we still have lots of opportunity I think and there's lots of things we're going to continue to push on from an SG&amp;A perspective. We really said that was a two-year journey so a lot probably weighted towards 2017, but there's going to be more as we move forward, we believe.

That's about right, yes. The thing, and Bruce mentioned this or alluded to it, is at the same time what we are starting to experience as we are still cutting some of that SG&amp;A we don't need, we will say, from an efficiency perspective, there is an element of investment we are making for the future growth. The red bar or the down bar Bruce mentioned relating to some activities to support the new order book or the larger order book, the airline, or some of the adjacent market businesses not terribly material yet, but those things will build a little bit. But we should still continue to see margin improvement with the view of a lot of that 200 basis points we talked about, or the really next big step of it, is going to be on the metals turnaround, which should start to really show in the numbers in 2019.

I think we've kind of -- I don't know if there's a limit per se, because there's some element of the farther away science becomes a little bit -- a little challenged. I think, John, if you look at that set of numbers and we have an opportunity, as revenue continues to grow, which we think it will grow after 2019 with improved order book, to get some benefits of increased scale, which I think gives us an opportunity to go north of that number.
We have used the 200 as really more of the measure of what we can do at around we'll say close to that $17 billion of consolidated revenue. But as that number grows, we think that there probably is some additional opportunity.
And if other markets like the airline comes in and if it has successes, we could have -- that's certainly a higher-margin space and we could do better there.

The majority of it, John, is pass-through agreements, but there's also -- we end up getting most of it back., you could probably say almost all of it back, through a combination of those indexed agreements and just general negotiation with the customer through commercial deals. So net-net, for the most part, we are able to offset all of it, but your point on the lag is an important one for us.
It varies by customer. Some have index arrangements that might last -- or might be a quarter delay. Other ones might be a full year. It's probably safe to say on average about two quarters.

Yes, the cash -- and that's built into the guidance number that I gave you, John. So the cash and -- you can say they both moved sort of up to about that level. We do expect binding the opportunities I mentioned with some of the structuring changes.
That just for a clarity point there, some of the structural changes we've made and are in the progress of making, we don't start to get the tax benefit until they are done. So this year there's only going to be a partial benefit. The reason we say we will have a better rate in 2018 is we will get the full-year impact of the structuring changes we put forward, which should have both a rate and a cash benefit as we move forward.

And there's about $300 million, give or take, of FX in that decline.

Yes, Joe, I think it is. Right now we are -- on the consolidated side we are certainly suffering from some of those capital constraints in the decisions that predated the spin announcement. But if you look at what we've been winning, and we've been winning attractive business, it starts to turn in 2019 and I think 2020 is a good mark to say we really should be really better than industry growth. And that's primarily because we think that there is an advantage or an increase in content per vehicle trend in the space, which should allow us to grow a little bit faster.

Thank you.

Yes, Colin, good question. They tend to, I mean, part of our business is commercial settlements, I'd say. There's a lot of commercial activity as design changes happen to the products that we make. A lot of times, there is changes and design characteristics driven by the customer or whatever requirements, and we go and capture that in additional price, and we call that out in these financial bridges. I'd say it's generally pretty consistent year in, year out. The quarterly mix of them can be a little different, sometimes they're a little higher, sometimes they're a little lower. Probably a little bit of a higher mix this particular quarter, but I'd say in total year it probably averages out to be above normal.

Yes, usually things like -- good point. Usually things that drive our own cost base up and this is a recapture.

I think one thing to focus on a little bit is on July 1 last year, we were essentially internally set free from Johnson Controls from a financial standpoint. So we've been able -- a lot of our SG&amp;A savings and others as we've gotten out of that structure and built our own environment. So the first quarter -- the fourth quarter of last year is a better comparable point or a harder comparable point because we had certainly a good quarter last year as we were able to benefit from some of that. And then hopefully, here with the environment, Colin, we're able to perform better, but as we look here today, little cautionary on where sales and the environment set, but we still feel comfortable with that overall guidance. We'll obviously look to beat it.

It would be really more likely on current production. So it's stuff that we generally would be shipping quite often, and we would come up with some sort of an adjustment. Usually sometimes in retro area, sometimes with some delay, but it's usually on current production, Joe, and you'd see that we generally have it quite a bit period-over-period.

Yes, I think the $400 million is still a good number. Some weakness on the YFAI with some of those investments, but then constraints on the unconsolidated seating, so I think it's still a good number, Joe.

Well, yes, good point. So our prior euro assumption for the year was probably something closer to 110-ish or maybe even a little inside that. So it definitely will help us a little bit on, we will say, the sales and nominal EBITDA and EBIT, and the fourth quarter versus our original assumption. Meanwhile though, we have on the debt side and from the leverage, we will have a higher debt number just due to the exchange on the debt. It's not terribly material though, Joe. It's not like [a Honda one], Joe.

Yes, on Page 11. It's just going to fall in the operational performance line.

Maybe you said something slightly different than being able to answer that specific areas. We've seen increases in content per vehicle in seating, which would suggest that people are looking for more features, more comfort, more premium stuff, more safety-related items in their seat.

Correct.

Yes. The China market, as I mentioned in the remarks, there's been a pullback in some areas of production, but it's been largely targeted at particular brands. For instance, Hyundai and Kia is way down in the quarter. And there are some few other brands, some of the local brands, some of the Japanese brands, have also seen some softness in their sales and production over the course of the first half of calendar '17. Fortunately, that mix of customers we're actually fairly underrepresented on. The group that we're, I guess, more aligned to actually had a pretty good first half of the year. We benefited from that. We also continued to benefit, as I mentioned, just from some of the content per vehicle and some of the other growth initiatives we've been able to put in the region. So while it's been a challenging market, this is -- our partner has worked very well with us. We obviously have tie-ins with our customers as they're also our partners, and we've been able to manage through and the team's been -- have been able to manage through that environment fairly well. We actually saw a slight uptick in net margin of the whole group. It's somewhat of a mix element. But as we've always said, we are intending to keep that market relatively stable from a margin standpoint as we continue to grow it, and we've been very pleased with how the first half of the year, I guess, the first 3 quarters of this fiscal year are going.

Thank you, everyone.

Yes. As we get closer to a lot of that backlog coming on, Aileen, more of that capital will have to go out. So it's a bit of a reallocation to some of that capital towards some of those growth programs.

Yes. Our operating leverage won't move too much in 2018 for a couple of reasons. But in 2018, as we mentioned we definitely, at least in the first half of the year, will have to work through some of these metals launch issues, where we have a number of launches that are certainly stressing the company today, which has resulted in a lot of that premium freight and the excess cost we talked about, which will be particularly acute in the first quarter, which will drive some of that margin down. But as we exit the year, definitely those things will start to come into play. And as new revenue comes in, that should also help improve our margin as we move forward on it. And integrating Futuris will definitely help as well.

Losing a little more money, yes.

The biggest issue we have right now is not related to those plants. Those plants will close. The biggest 1 will close into the tail end of 2019, but it's the launched relating to the next generation mechanisms and some of these large global structure programs that we have launched, Colin, both of which, we struggle to get up to the jobs per hour and delivery on them and has just required a lot of excess cost, a lot of excess freight and then just all that activity has reflected in our financial statements. So we have gone, as you mentioned, about 45 basis points negative from where we started in that metals business. As we look forward, we think those are relatively short-term hurdles, although they will be acute for a couple of quarters, that we will get through. And there's a lot of those improvements we've talked about structurally to improve the business that plan we still have a lot of confidence in, is just going. That's always -- the improvements always been more of 2019 and 2020 and beyond, but there is a little bit of noise with all the launch activities in the business today.

Yes. I think it's about $175 million roughly, between restructuring and the finishing up of some of the IT separation, right?

The -- I'm sorry, of the growth investments, some of the headwinds, I guess, there's 2 names, big ones. The big ones are going to be metals. And we mentioned, first quarter is expected to be down year-over-year. We said $60 million. You can assume that's pretty much all on a net basis is really related to the metals business and the launch commentary that we talked through. We also are putting in some growth investment. Our order book growing as fast as it has. We've also put a little bit more money into innovation and engineering resources to support those launches. Those things have a net counter as well. Metals should start to improve in the back half of the year, and it should start to have year-over-year improvements. But those things, essentially the SG&amp;A benefits, the reductions or the improvements we're making in our other operations in the total year will be offset pretty much exactly we think from a margin perspective with the metals and some of those growth investments, I just mentioned. Did that help you or did you want something...

For sure it's bigger and is also more short [indiscernible] going to be weighing on our first half, and particularly on our first quarter more.

You're talking about for metals or for the growth investment, I'm sorry. The growth investment was we mentioned about 15 basis points in '17. It's going to accelerate. I would say, think about more on the 40-ish to 50 basis points of investment in 2018 and that's reflected in those numbers I gave you. So in total versus our LTM 2016, that would be about 60-ish basis points of growth investment versus that time, which we factored into that margin expansion.

Thank you.

Yes, John. The customer disruption side of things, there's definitely charges. And going back to some of the earlier questions, the things that kind of took us offguard, the abrupt turn of this business into sort of where we're sitting today did take us by surprise. There was -- and as we react to that, there are certain other surprises, of course, that sort of mounted. In the topic of what impacted our numbers, to some degree, were customer stoppages. We did stop a few lines and certainly had a variety of rework as we struggled to get up to production rate on a bunch of launches. I guess the good news is we didn't necessarily have that focused in one particular customer. We did it with a few different customers. It's not uncommon that, in our space, we would have a launch challenge or that our OEMs would experience a launch challenge on some of these types of products. We just happened to have a number of them all sort of at the same time. And as far as customer disruption, I guess, Bruce can attest to it. But as a result, since we didn't necessarily have one customer that was singled out, the customer reaction has been -- they've been focused getting through these issues, but I don't think it's impacted our long-term ability to win business.

Yes. John, you can imagine that a few things that we've done over the last couple -- I guess, we've been in sort of that mode for several weeks, months -- or month or so. Now as these results have kind of become -- are coming to our view of what we can do to offset our overall capital needs, we've got to be careful, on one side, to make sure that we're not saving capital that will cause us similar launch issues as we go forward. So that's probably the first priority for us, to make sure -- as we're looking at those CapEx plans, to make sure that nothing puts us into jeopardy in a future launch. But then beyond that, I think we have opportunities. There's definitely -- we have -- as we spun off from Johnson Controls, we don't have -- our people are sort of scattered around a bit. And from a facility standpoint, we certainly need some space -- slowing down or sort of modifying some of that investment is one, but looking at areas where we can take some things that aren't program-related, for instance, and move them. And that's something we're doing. And then as you just look at all the other things, we have a fair amount of opportunity, I'd say, in our working capital metrics. We have some long-running issues where some people have paid us late and some systemic issues there where we're pushing. So really pushing hard on working capital and some of those things that have plagued us for a while as well as just any kind of discretionary capital or discretionary expense and being very brutal on all of them.

Yes. It unfortunately hasn't -- it doesn't move as much towards the base oil price. It's an oil derivative, but I got the -- what I'm told is the production capability of it globally. There's been a big facility that came offline, I think, in Europe and as a result -- and this is like TDI and chemicals that go into foam. And while they're petroleum derivatives, the supply issues have been more on production capacity of those particular chemicals that have shot up prices. As far as the dynamics of recapturing, it's similar dynamics to what we have in steel. We have a mix of straight indexing arrangements that go from 1 quarter to up to 4 quarters, and those are mechanical. And then we have other customers that require negotiations. But generally, we're able to get recovery from them. It's just always in a lag. So that $35 million that we projected at Deutsche Bank of commodity headwinds was primarily relating to foam and chemicals, although we have seen some elements of steel sort of increases. And as we look in the European market in particular, that's a place where we could have some additional steel inflation if the market continued to move in that direction.

I don't have a view. I ask our purchasing folks that all the time. I do understand that it is something that can happen this year, but I don't have any kind of time attached to it, unfortunately.

Yes. So Emmanuel, great question. And from where we sat when we gave the November 2 earnings call and this data came to us, we obviously have seen -- if you just kind of focus on this chart for a moment, we had been sort of relatively around flat line through -- up until the fourth quarter, where -- meaning we hadn't changed too much versus our performance from the LTM June period. It got very negative in Q4. We were incurring -- and we could see on a daily basis and obviously knew, we were experiencing enormous amounts of premium freight in particular. We were putting airplanes to deliver most of the parts. We thought our production capacity and other activities would have a quicker recovery than they did, so we built in $60 million of essentially those types of costs into our Q1 and then really assumed we kind of follow the same curve that you see that we had for the first 3 quarters of 2017 and maybe even marginally a little bit better. We actually thought there would be some improvement in this business, and the team in that business have been projecting improvements on it as well. Obviously, especially as November continue to go and November results came in, in early December, we could see that the issues were more serious. We thought that the time to correct them were longer, and thus, that drew the additional, I guess, losses that you see for the rest of the year here. We do see it getting better. We are seeing improvement, but just those improvements aren't getting it back to the 2017 levels quite yet. And that's what the team's obviously working incredibly hard, to get that path and get to the -- I guess, the number of structural and different moves we're going to need to do to recover from this business.

Our 2 big launch issues, David, we're actually -- we were supplying the Tier 2 effectively to one of our competitors.

Yes. I mean, look, you can imagine that pretty much all of our business is sourced with a 2- to 3-year lead time to begin with. So as we start to make some of those adjustments, there will be a bit of a tail for us to have it out of our network. But in the meantime, what we're going to be doing, because that's not going to be the only lever, obviously, we can pull here, is going to be looking hard on some of the pricing and making sure we've been disciplined on change management. Bruce mentioned here on the just-in-time side of our business, we're very good as there's change orders, that we're able to get pricing for it. But what we haven't had the best discipline here as well -- there's actually many more change orders that tend to happen on these programs. We haven't gone in with the same level of discipline because where you really need to get that price is right as your -- as the customer's making the change. We really can't do it a year after the fact. And that's an area where we're making sure we're set up to succeed here. And that's going to be a part of -- as we're looking at all of our future launches and programs that are coming down the pipeline, to make sure we're keeping that discipline or putting that discipline into the system.

Maybe I'll take the Interiors, and then I'll let Byron talk about the SS&amp;M business. The Interiors business, we mentioned -- this is another part of -- we own 30% of the Interiors operation, as you know, with Yanfeng, and that business is global. I think sometimes I hear referenced a lot as a China business, but it's really important to remember that a lot of the sales, more than half of them or about half of them occur outside of China. There is a number of new facilities, new programs and other things that have been watching as that business has been growing. And I think a lot of where there issues have faced is in similar to some of the issues we faced is getting labor in places like Eastern Europe. Big labor shortages in Eastern Europe. We -- in that business, they've had to bring in whole groups from Mongolia to come in and plant in the Czech Republic that is just absent available workers to do the work in the facility. So that's been a little bit there. There has been some start-up of new plants in North America. So I think good programs, I think generally good results or good momentum in that YFAI business, but definitely going to little bit of growing pain as they're expanding.

No, I mean, this business. And we do things that probably for this business -- for the YFAI business, this last quarter should have been sort of their low market, should be getting better. As you look at SS&amp;M, one thing you should just remember is how capital-intensive. We broke out CapEx. We're spending half our capital there. It's hugely safety critical, making changes to processes, designs, et cetera, require all kinds of testing, validation, approval, even changing materials require significant amounts of time. The Interior, it's much more a cosmetic setup. And the approvals and making changes is a lot easier. And I'll let Byron talk through the $300 million improvement.

Good question, David. Actually, what we'd -- but yes. We went through a process -- I mean, Emmanuel asked, we went through a big process to reevaluate all of our businesses, and there is other pieces we knew we could lean on. And I think we can get a bit more out of some of the SG&amp;A savings that we had outlined. And we're pushing probably a little bit maybe less than some of that growth investment as we move forward. Especially while taking maybe some of the emphasis on SS&amp;M growth away. But the challenge for us on meeting the 200 basis points of margin expansion without equity income was SS&amp;M we saw being really flat. We didn't see -- we needed the SS&amp;M business to sort of make up some of the slack. We think that business can be better, more efficient in a lot of things. So while we see some improvement opportunity from our 2016 starting points, we just don't think we can get all the way to the 200 basis points and that's why we turned back and said, this was -- as we reassessed all parts of our business that we felt that this 200 basis point goal was not reasonable in the midterm. But we still can do better than where we started.

I'd say there is -- and there is a lot of things that have to be worked out, David. But certainly, probably more in the 50 to 100 basis points would be where we would see this without some sort of structural change to what we have today, in particular on the Seat Structures &amp; Mechanisms.

Yes, in this time frame. Beyond 2020, there is more opportunities, but that time frame, that's probably...

Thank you.

No. I think you've got it.

It's changed a little bit, Colin. One of the -- there are some nice things that have happened. We had highlighted, for instance, Clanton plant we have in Alabama that has been a huge part of our problem in the first quarter of the fiscal year, fourth quarter of last calendar year. That plant was hugely negative. It was a big problem launch. That problem has turned into the -- the plant has turned into the black. It's now above breakeven and improving. We have experienced some other launches. So the problems have shifted around a little bit. And I think to Fritz's point, it's the processes and the people and making sure we adhere to these processes and make sure we have all people, especially the operations and engineering community tied together on launching those programs successfully.

Yes. Great question. I'd say -- I wouldn't say it's a good guy. Because there's always some element of launch that goes in, but on a quarter-over-quarter basis, you would expect it to be relatively neutral, right? So depending on -- if you have a little bit more launch activity in 1 year than the next, maybe you'll have a little bit more operational waste floating through. But the part that was really off on those 3 equations was the third one. Our operations really need to have -- part of this industry is we give price downs to customers. That's a part of our industry unfortunate that's been there for a long time. We get a little bit of that recovered from our supply base, but where we really need to do it is by improving efficiency on our floor. And as we run units, as we start to get in the second, third, fourth years of production, we need to find those efficiencies improve and that's the key element of the trade-off between what we give from a pricing perspective. In this quarter, not only did we not make those improvements, we actually went backwards in the improvements and performed at a worse productivity level than we did in the previous year. All that really exacerbated the problems that you see here in these numbers.

Yes. Let me be more clear. So I was just mentioning a part of our business is we generally give reduced prices to our customers in the second year and the third year of a program being in production. And that's to really reflect the fact that we should be getting more efficient on our factory floor. That's fairly normal. That $28 million which I mentioned, which is the price reductions we give to our customers on a total basis, less the price reductions we're able to get from our material vendors and we really need to go and offset that. So the bogey if we would've done this right is we wouldn't have had operational waste or we wouldn't have had any net increases. We would have -- still had that $28 million and we would have delivered $28 million or more of operational improvements from a productivity standpoint, which would have offset that whole equation. Had they done it in what I say is the operating typical or the way that we intend to operate the business.

So when we -- I mean, the biggest piece relating to equity income has been YFAI, which was our Interiors operation. And mostly or almost exclusively due to production on programs in North America and Europe, a real shortage of labor in Eastern Europe. So that has been sort of the earlier guides related to that business. Sales are there for the most part, but getting people and having from an operating standpoint that business has struggled a bit, particularly in Europe, but a little bit in the U.S. too. The most recent, sort of, movements as we've done it has really just been FX. The RMB raises, you've seen, went from 6.3 and has moved quite a bit as the RMB has weakened. That is a big hurt to us just in general as that RMB weakens.

Yes. One, it's cheap financing. It's cheaper financing than our revolver and it's pretty stable financing. It's a good form. We have a very big pool of receivables. So it's cheap. It's diversified risk for creditors, so they like it. And it does give us a little extra liquidity. So it's kind of a win-win in [those 2 markets].

Yes. Good question, David. I -- as you look through the whole year, we had guided for the $1,250-ish million EBITDA. You can kind of look through our quarterly progressions and see we're not expecting a whole lot different in the fourth quarter at least within those numbers recognizing that it does take some time to drive those improvements. And as Fritz mentioned earlier on the call, we have all hands on deck, working our 2019 plan and improvement actions, et cetera. And we'll give you more color around post that as we get a little farther. But for the fourth quarter, some of those problems and what's really built into our guidance is kind of continuing that environment through the fourth quarter.

Yes. I would say (inaudible) anything that is going to hurt revenue isn't our problem, Joe. To be honest, we probably could have used a little less volume in places in our business and I would say those are not the challenges. I'd say the bigger issues that we've been fighting with is exchange definitely has moved a little bit fast since we gave that, but we're working to offset that. And that's going to have a bigger impact just on bringing the money back or the equity income we have in China.

Do you mean dividend flow, Joe?

Yes. And I think the last one is really hard to comment on, but we are -- Fritz is going over there next week.

Yes. And I spent a fair amount of time over there and with our partners and they come over here. So we have lots of dialogue. The good news is they like cash out of these ventures as well. One of the big things we are building and we've talked to you before is our metals operation there has been going through a bit of new facility and some expansion. That business is mid-teen EBIT, it has grown up to $0.75 billion or so. It's got big potential to grow. It can probably help offset some of our issues as it sort of goes up. That's a big source of activity there, and they've done it as Fritz says, they've done it really well. We talked to them about all those ventures. We talked to them about what's going on in each of the 19 or so ventures we have. I would say we're very connected, always looking to maximize cash and always talking about the future as well. It's just hard for us to -- a lot of those...

It's a joint venture, right? And we've got to jointly agree on whatever we do.

Thank you.

Yes, from overall in the China market, there's certainly been a very soft end sales set of numbers recently. Production was a bit better. I caution probably all numbers in China right now just because inventory levels have built a bit, production was down only 4%. But that being said, as we've always said, we have had the ability to outperform the China market due to our footprint and customer concentration and sort of the base trajectory of our products. We're on good customers, we're on good programs. As those OEMs have -- that we're on have generally held market share, they've generally increased content in the seats as well. All those have assisted in the performance. So we're still optimistic that we can outperform the market. As we look forward, I think kind of a real correct -- what's going to happen on China inventory levels and China sales? So if there's a stimulus, maybe that will help bring back the inventory in line. If there is not, there might be some soft production maybe in Q2. I would expect the year to end reasonably well, the calendar year, and we'll see what they do as far as stimulus goes. But at some point, they're going to have to address the inventory issue.

Yes, great question. Just going in reverse order. We -- most of what we've -- are experiencing recently has been more on the steel. When the tariffs were put in place earlier this year on steel, even though we don't import much of our steel, the tariff doesn't directly impact us much, it drove up the cost of domestic steel pretty dramatically. The way our contracts kind of went in, a lot of that hit us over the summer as far as the increases. From a recovery -- and I say the chemical side is a little bit more of a mixed bag. Some of the chemicals we have, there's one particular one called TDI, which is a chemical we use in our foam process that we had mentioned a reactor that had gone offline a couple of years ago, it came back online this summer. And TDI prices have adjusted downward, and that's been helpful to us. But meanwhile, oil prices have driven up some of the other more direct -- chemicals directly linked to petro prices. And that's hardest -- so I'd say, maybe a little bit of tailwind, but probably more neutral on the chemical side. As it relates to recovery, we generally expect to get as close to 100% as we can. Probably, we have a fair amount of our recoveries that are mechanical and then some that have to be negotiated on an annual basis or on a regular basis with our customers. But we would generally expect to receive most of that back, but definitely with a time delay. We have a portion of our customers that are -- take a year or only kind of re-measure that every year. Some do it automatically, some that are every quarter and some that are every 2. So what we typically say is we have about a 6-month lag on average. Can be a little bit longer, especially if prices have as much volatility as they've had recently, it can take a little bit longer at times.

Yes, great question. As we look -- the board looked at the dividend. It's obviously not an easy thing to make that decision. Felt that it was prudent, given the performance, given the current market we think we're entering into, suspended. We don't -- while we don't have a specific marker when we'd reinstate it, but clearly, one of the criterias is to get our footing back operationally. As Doug executes his plan, as we have -- we would expect to turnaround this business. We still have -- the business fundamentals are still there. The cash flow fundamentals of what the Seating business, we believe, represents are still there for this to be a cash-making, quite profitable enterprise as we move forward and get past some of these current issues that have plagued us. And as we complete that cycle, we definitely will revisit the dividend question.

Joe, I would say that, couple of things. Macro factors didn't help, things like the steel prices I mentioned and tariffs and the like. But I would say as they entered into launch season, and our fourth quarter is really launch season, some of the expectations that the group have on the performance of it, we're a bit optimistic or proved to be a bit optimistic, based on the experience that they had. So I'd say it was more launch-related and season of launches as they went into some fairly difficult ones, primarily in Europe this time.

Yes, Joe, I think, given the performance of the business over the course of the last year, while we had all the revenue, which is usually one of the better parameters to forecast an automotive business, the operational issues have really driven down margin. So there was an element of making sure from the financial flexibility, we were strong. I mentioned that the bank leverage calculation was a shade over 3x. Our previous covenant was 3.5x. Thought it was prudent to move it up to 4.5x and give ourselves extra room, considering the environment that we've been on a micro basis, in our business; and then as you start to factor in some of the other macro factors, what happens in China, what happens with commodity prices, what happens with production, what happens with our turnaround efforts individually? So all of that factored in to say that was a prudent thing to do, was to adjust the covenant level.

Yes, let me come back with that one. I guess I would just focus -- our effective tax rate will be less meaningful because as you look at it, we've taken all -- put a lot of valuation allowances in place. So we'll definitely drive up our book tax rate. I would say our cash tax rate though, like I said, it won't impact. We'll give some more guidance on that as we -- I need the full year plan before I can really give you a full year tax rate.

Thanks, everyone.