Good morning, Stephen, this is Warner. I'll touch on some of the big picture things and then in terms of some of the timing maybe I'll ask Maureen Borkowski, our CEO of our transmission business, to step in. But big picture, we do see opportunities for incremental investments in transmission. Certainly as you mentioned, you look at Entergy coming into MISO and we see that there's clearly opportunities there. But I wouldn't limited to just that. I would look at the opportunities at the MISO and PJM as well as between MISO and SPP and, frankly, beyond that just with some of our NERC liability projects.
You put all those types of things together and we see over the next several years real opportunities for growth in transmission. And Maureen and her team, even today, are taking steps to position ourselves to execute on an investment strategy there just as we did, frankly, many years ago to put ourselves in the position we're at today to execute on the $2.25 billion that we're executing that plan. So we -- that's something you should be thinking about. That's something we are clearly thinking about and we intend to execute on. In terms of overall timing, Maureen, I know there's a process going on. Perhaps you could fill us in a little bit on that.

Thanks, Stephen. This is Warner. I think, certainly, there were other priorities that the legislature took on this year. And certainly to be clear, there certainly was some opposition by certain consumer groups that really I would say are taking more of a shorter-term energy focus than a longer-term. So one of the things that we have been and will continue to do is continue to educate key stakeholders, not just legislators, but others around the state about the importance of solid energy policy in the state of Missouri, and about the importance of infrastructure investment. And not only how it's going to meet our customers energy needs and expectations in the future, but also how we're convinced it can drive economic development and growth.
I think a great example that will be helpful for us, or the great things that Richard Mark and his team are doing over in Illinois in terms of using that constructive regulatory policy over there to invest in our infrastructure, helping deliver on the energy needs and expectations of customers and certainly driving job growth. So it is an educational process that we'll continue to do. It is outreach process to legislators and key individuals and it's important that we continue to raise the priority level of responsible energy policies in the state of Missouri. And Michael Moehn, who I know has taken over in my role in Ameren Missouri, I know this is a top priority for he and his team. And we're going to continue to be relentless in our discussions around this important energy policy in the state. But I think, ultimately, it's just going to continue to be working very hard to educate key stakeholders and continue to advocate for that responsible policy.

Hi, Paul, I'll start with it. This is Warner. I'll start with sort of the big picture about the incremental capital we thought we could put to work and then I'll let Marty jump in in terms of how we're thinking about allocation of capital. The big picture, we looked at this legislation if it would've got cross the finish line it would have given us the ability to add, say, $50 million to $100 million per year of incremental discretionary capital we could put to work. Now this bill was not that -- we're talking about this session -- was not the same bill that we had looked at in the past, nor is it really a similar bill that was done in Illinois where you get more timely recovery of costs.
No matter. We could clearly have put the $100 million incrementally per year in a variety of aging infrastructure projects on both the transmission distribution and generation side of our business. Marty, you want to touch a little bit about how we think about that in terms of allocation of capital?

Paul, this is Warner. Big picture, we feel two things about those cases. Number one, about the earnings complaint case, we don't feel it's justified for our rates to go down. So we look forward to having that discussion before the Missouri public service commission here over the next several months. And then secondly, I think we've been clear that we believe that the rate shift that Noranda's proposing is simply not in the best interest of our customers. And so as you should expect these cases to go before the Missouri public service commission over the next several months.

Julien, this is Warner. In the bigger picture, I think that our team has done a nice job in positioning ourselves well to comply, certainly with the existing environmental regulations. We're well-positioned to address MATS rules with these electrostatic precipitators. And as we've said, we're well positioned to address CSAPR. But we certainly can't predict what the new rules are going to be in the future. And so certainly as the actuals get finalized, we will obviously take the steps to comply with them. As we all know, here in June there will be potentially proposed rules around greenhouse gas regulations.
The one thing I will say is that we will continue to be advocating for responsible energy policies. We'll take a very active role within the industry, within the state, and federally try and make sure that we have responsible energy policies that factor in the impacts on customers, the economy and certainly the environment. And so with that, that's really how we see it as we sit here right now.

Julien, this is Warner. The bottom line is that we intend to file our electric rate increase request by July 15. And we will execute that case as planned. We will have these other proceedings going on and, perhaps in parallel, perhaps to be consolidated at some point, we simply can't predict. But we know that we will be filing our other electric rate increase request by mid-July.

Michael, this is Warner. I'll try and take a high level shot. Because the fact of the matter, the specific rate base in the earnings complaint case is still, I would say, a moving target. No one really knows the specific rate base. I think ultimately the final test year and true-up period is still under discussion. So we really don't have that.
In terms of the rate design case, rate base may not be as critical a discussion as would be in the other earnings case. What I would say is this. As we've talked about on our talking points, just in terms of incremental capital additions, I mentioned three of them that are out there. Number one is the Callaway -- the reactor vessel had at Callaway, the precipitators that are taking place at our Labadie Energy Center. We have a new solar energy facility which will be coming on in the second half of the year. And then we've actually added two new substations downtown. Those projects alone -- I'm not talking about the rest of our projects -- they alone are about $370 million. And so then you can look at some of the other disclosures that we've had in the past in terms of our rate base may be growing. But those are just some meaningful projects that whether a piece of those will be included in this rate base but certainly they'll be included in our rate case that we'll file in July.

Yes. That's right. We will do the known and measurable process. And historically, what you typically see is a true-up of about six months post that test year. And so, obviously, when we think about filing rate cases, we factor all those elements into our thinking, including meaningful rate base additions. And so that's all parts of the effective management of the case process from our view.

Our pleasure, Michael. Thank you.

We can now.

Julien, this is Warner. I think you asked a question about Rush Island. As Marty said, we will talk about the specifics of our integrated resource plan in October. In general, our objective is to take our existing coal-fired facilities and utilize them towards the end of their useful lives, which is what we're doing with Meramec.
That's how we would think about Rush Island, as well. We will be able to spell that out in more specificity. We are not contemplating accelerating the retirement of our coal-fired units as part of our integrated resource plan, because we think that is in the long-term interest of our customers and the state of Missouri.

Morning, Steve.

Sure, Stephen, and I would probably put them in probably two or three buckets. I think the most important bucket we should talk about is, it is unworkable from a customer standpoint in terms of the overall significant cost increases that they would result in. We have a baseline plan that we have put together as part of our integrated resource planning effort, so our team has been able to really compare what it would take to execute the greenhouse gas proposal compared to our baseline plan.
As we identified, it would be a significant cost increase to our customers. That's really driven by some of the, what I would consider, some of the more operational challenges associated with the overall proposal. You probably have heard, and many of my colleagues have been out there talking, doing the same thing, about the building blocks and some of the challenges that you have with those.
From our perspective, you look at the plant efficiency, building block, looking for plant efficiencies of approximately 6%, as simply put, those are not achievable. Those are not achievable. We have taken a lot of efficiencies out of the plant. We have already done a lot of those works. To try to get an additional 6% is, from our perspective, just simply not achievable.
You think about the uneconomic dispatch of natural gas, which is another key driver of the increase, look, I think you have to think about the gas infrastructure, first, to support that. Then, the uneconomic dispatch and whether, frankly, states have the ability to dispatch in that way. As you know the RTOs control that. That is just a tough nut to crack. I'm not sure if that is ultimately going to be fact-based and whether we can execute that.
You look at energy efficiency, which we have the largest energy efficiency program in the state of Missouri today. To be able to get an incremental 1.5% out of that, not only would drive higher costs, but certainly no guarantee that customers ultimately would participate at that level.
Then I would say lastly, we look even at the renewable piece associated with the building block. Again, in Missouri, in particular, our ability to do renewables is, under state law, capped by the amount of renewables we can do, in terms of impact on customer rates and ultimately the participants.
When you look at those things, all those factors, really drive the operational issues that we have, that drive the significant cost increases to our customers, which as I said before, not only causes us concerns there, but also in terms of the economic competitiveness of our region and certainly the state of Missouri.
Lastly, but not least, I think when you -- there has certainly been, as I said, we expect there to be legal challenges to the rule. There are already. We, too, share some of those concerns. You put all of those things together, we have a rule when we put it all together that we believe is simply unworkable in its current form.
As I said too, our objective, going forward, is to continue to work constructively with key stake holders, both at the federal and state level, including consumer groups and others, to make sure, as well as the EPA, to try and put in place energy policies that ultimately that will allow us to execute our transition plan, which we believe is in the best long-term interest of our customers, but also to ensure that we do the right things in a broadest economic sense for the state and the region.

You're welcome.

Paul, we laid all those out in testimony, so certainly would refer you to there. I think, right now, certainly, there is more uncertainty because the FERC really hasn't established any kind of a timeline for the MISO case and therefore, it is really uncertain when they will take the case up, assuming that they do take the case up. Then, what the data will look like at the time that that data is collected to determine the appropriate range of ROEs to consider.
I would say the biggest difference, I would point to, is just timing and the uncertainty about when the FERC would potentially take the case up and how that might affect the data that underlies the ROE determination. I would say that's the biggest factor.

I was just referring to things we filed previously in the back and forth.

-- answer on that specifically, we could certainly help you offline. No, we did not file anything specifically as a response or in reaction to the New England.

Thanks, Michael.

No real update for you. I refer back to our last quarter's call and the transcript there, where we were right at the end of the legislative session and I think provided pretty fulsome comments about the situation there.
I think as we go through time, as we've talk about, we will continue to work to educate all stakeholders in the state about the need for and the importance of investment in our aging infrastructure in Missouri. In months like this, like any other time of the year, but particularly between active legislative sessions, we are certainly doing our best to continue to make sure that we are doing the right outreach with stakeholders and educate them about the importance of good, strong energy policy for the state of Missouri.

Thanks, Doug. A little bit earlier Stephen Byrd had been asking a question about the greenhouse gas proposal and elements that were unworkable, and I outlined the concerns that we had in the building blocks. I just wanted to make sure I add one other important aspect that relates to the target dates.
The headline is that if the desire is to have carbon emissions 30% below 2005 levels by 2030. I think it is important to recognize that there are interim, aggressive interim target dates beginning as early as 2020.
So when you look at some of the challenges and the cost drivers, it is indeed these interim target dates and the overall target date which really drives our costs up. I just wanted to make sure I added that to, Stephen, to your question, and so we appreciate that.
Doug, I will turn it back over to you to wrap it up.

Good morning, Paul.

Thanks, Paul.

The settlement in the ROE, certainly it is a possibility. We, and I would imagine, other transmission owners, certainly plan to take those settlement discussions seriously and we will see where they take us. Ultimately, if that process does fail to produce an outcome that is appropriate or is reasonable to all parties, then obviously it will go to hearing, which would likely take a while, and again, either way, as we said on our prepared remarks, would extend into 2015, and I would say quite possibly beyond, although definitely into 2015.

Hi, Paul.

We will let -- we have with us this morning Michael Moehn, who is the CEO of the Ameren Missouri business, and we will let him provide some comments on that.

Good morning, Ashar. Thank you.

Good morning, David.

Stephen, this is Warner. Of course, if the EPA issues a Clean Power Plan, which is very identical to what the rules are as they've been proposed today, of course, we will move forward to be in compliance with that plan, recognizing, as you rightfully point out, there will be litigation we believe surrounding this plan for several years. Which as you probably know, one of the issues that not just we but many in the industry have raised. But we will do our best to operate under that.
But as we've raised to others, we have concerns with not just the economic impacts, but I think what you're starting to see in these hearings at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission are conducting there are real concerns about reliability risks, significant concerns.
So we're hopeful that the EPA is listening very carefully to concerns that we're raising, those concerns that are being raised the industry, but also by those that are experts in the industry to ensure reliability, and frankly those outside of the industry. So we're hopeful that the EPA, in listening to that, will make modifications to that rule to make it acceptable, if that rule ultimately withstands the legal challenges.

As we pointed out during the call, this is Warner again, we think that the opportunities are really two-fold. Number one, while we've talked a lot about the FERC 1000 projects, we sit there and we sit among the seams of SPP. Certainly we have opportunities within MISO, especially with the addition of Entergy, and of course within the seams of PJM.
And because of all of those things, we believe that there continue to be robust opportunities for us to make proposals. And combine that with our operating experience and our knowledge of the system, we believe we have a very good opportunity to enhance our transmission spend and investment because of those.
And I wouldn't stop there; we've taken a hard look and continue to do so in terms of local reliability projects, to continue to improve the system for our customers here within both Missouri and Illinois, as well as in opportunities that would enhance just within MISO. So Steven, I see that putting those two things combined, we see meaningful investment opportunities in the transmission business, and especially that's fruitful when you have a frame work which is supportive of investment in transmission.

Sure.

Hi, Steve.

Yes, Paul -- I'm sorry. I didn't mean to interrupt you Paul. Anything else?

I appreciate that. Maureen Borkowski, who is the President of our Transmission Organization, she can probably touch on some more of the details throughout those current proceedings. So Maureen?

One other thing, Paul, which I think is helpful is we certainly, in the conversations that we have in Missouri, we point to the success that we continue to have with constructive legislation in Illinois, not how it's only improving the reliability, not only how Richard and the Illinois team continue to hit their metrics, but also how they're creating jobs. So all those things are right across the river, and those are important conversations that we continue to point out. Because we see that as really the opportunity for Missouri to do something in the future. So with a little bit more history behind that, we think it is another important aspect of our conversation today.

Sure.

Good morning.

That's okay. Paul, this is Warner. Richard Mark is here too. Richard, maybe you can give a little perspective on the Illinois legislation?

(Laughter). Let's do remember they've been on it pretty good winning streak, Michael.

Michael, I'd just add -- this is Warner. This is not something new. This is not something new. We have been very disciplined in managing our costs and as Marty rightfully said a moment ago, is we manage those costs between rate cases. It helps address regulatory lag and then as we have the rate cases it certainly provides a significant benefit to customers and we're not done. We are going to do that both in Missouri and across our enterprise because it's the right thing to do.
I know others have raised the questions on regulatory lag. We said that obviously, the regulatory lag may become more challenging. At the same time, we are geared up to address those issues internally and are still very focused and confident that the execution of our plan's going to deliver superior value, not just to our shareholders, but also to our customers.

Sure, Michael. I think the best person to speak to that is Maureen Borkowski, who is the head of our transmission business. Maureen, you want to comment on those question?

Good morning, Glenn.

Good morning, David.

Thanks, David.

Thanks, Andy.

We can, Julien, thank you.

This is Warner. A lot of questions in there. I think to kick that, we'll let Maureen Borkowski, who is the President of our Transmission Operations, give you sort of a general sense on some of your initial questions.

Thanks, Julien.

Good morning, Paul.

Yes, Paul, this is Warner. I'll comment, and then Michael Moehn, if he has any additional comments, I'll ask him to join. In terms of what's different, I think there are a couple things just to be mindful of. None of these things ultimately guarantee success, but there are some differences. I think number one, as we've said before, we have seen very clearly the constructive outcomes that are resulting from the changes in the Illinois framework. Constructive outcomes which are benefiting customers and clearly benefiting the entire State of Illinois. And so it isn't just one year; we're seeing several years of those constructive outcomes, and those are certainly notable. I think the second thing to be mindful of is that earlier this year, the governor issued his comprehensive energy plan that included a host of things. But also incorporated in there was the recognition for the need to modernize the framework to support investment. So I think that, too, is something that will be, I'm sure, the subject of discussion during the upcoming session. Certainly I think when you look around the nation, and as you follow, I think it's becoming clearer as part of our conversations with key stakeholders across the state, that Missouri is lagging behind in terms of their framework and their policies and their investment.
So you put all those things together, I think those two are differences. Coupled with the fact that we do have new leaders, both in the House and the Senate, and we look forward to working very closely with those new leaders, not just next year, but in the years ahead. So all those things I think are certainly -- you asked for what were some of the differences. Those are just some of the highlights I would put out there. In terms of solutions, you know, look, the bottom line is that there are a lot of solutions that are out there, that we've talked about in the past, but also ones that are being utilized across the country. So I think these are things that we look at, but more importantly, we discuss with stakeholders. Because whether there's any legislative initiative that goes forward, it will be informed by those conversations with the key stakeholders across the state. So Michael, I'll ask you if there's anything else to add.

I would say, Paul -- this is Warner again -- look, I think as we discussed during our last call, there have been no decisions on the next Missouri rate case. And as we have said in our talking points, we'll be mindful of regulatory lag and the need to file a rate case, to make sure that we earn a fair return on those investments. So no decision's been made, but we have to file a rate case within four years. And so generally speaking, that takes you under the fuel adjustment clause provisions. So that takes you out sometime until 2018, where we would have to file. But up until then, it is one of those things that we continue to study.

Let's see. I think we've got that. If you look on slide 16, where we give our fourth-quarter earnings guidance, you'll see down at the very bottom that we expect it to be a slight negative impact on earnings in the fourth quarter, about a negative $0.01. So we had about $0.01 of positive weather last year, and expect -- you got it.

Didn't really comment on that. What we said was that we plan to do long-term debt issuance at both the Ameren parent Company level at this point, as well as at Ameren Illinois here in the fourth quarter.

That is correct. The cost of long-term debt, whatever that may be at Ameren Illinois, would get picked up in the next regulatory filing.

I think that filing would be next spring -- April or May of next spring.

The way it works, again, formulaically, is, we'll true-up our revenues this year, based upon our actual cost of service this year, our year-end rate base. And so we'll factor that into whatever true-up that we do reflect. And then the filing we would make next April with the Commission would be to seek recovery of any differential, or a refund to customers if that was appropriate. But again, the whole program is designed that there would be no lag. The revenues we reflect in each year are a function of that year's costs and that year's rate base and cost of capital. So there is really no lag in Illinois in terms of an earnings perspective.

Thanks, Greg.

Michael, obviously we're not giving guidance today. We wanted to give you some of the overall moving pieces, so I don't think I really want to get into quantifying the overall magnitude. We continue to work hard, as we said on the call, to leverage our continuous improvement efforts, to be disciplined in our management of costs, be disciplined in our management of our capital. And we continue to do those things. But I think premature at this point to really get into quantifying the pluses and minuses on 2016.

Michael Moehn will again jump in on that one.

So Michael, I would just add -- this is Warner -- that, two things. We talk a lot about Missouri, but as Michael said, it isn't just Missouri; it's across our entire organization, which includes our business and corporate services. But I'll tell you, we have a disciplined approach across all of our businesses, both in Illinois, as well as in transmission. So this is something we work together as a team, and something that we will continue to work together as a team going forward.

Thank you, Michael.

Thank you.

Good morning.

You know, David, I don't think we can. I think that in terms of exactly what those are, we've certainly given, as you well-know, our planned rate base growth through 2019. That's got transmission investments in there. Some of those are for NERC projects, especially those that are within Ameren Illinois. While we don't call them out separately, there's certainly NERC-related projects happening in Missouri as well. And then also, as we've mentioned, while we've got that 6% rate base growth out through 2019, it doesn't yet -- hasn't yet been updated to reflect any of the $500 million to $1 billion of incremental projects that we're evaluating. As you know, it's a third, a third, a third, between Illinois distribution -- electric distribution, gas distribution and FERC-regulated transmission. A portion of those monies, too, could go towards NERC reliability projects. But David, I can't really break out within the current disclosed program or the $500 million to $1 billion, specifically how much is NERC-related.

Right, David.

If actually you look at the last page of our attachments to our press release, you'll see a stats page. And we were right around 50/50 debt and equity at the end of the quarter. And over time, that's approximately where we want to be, from a debt-to-equity perspective.

No, we didn't comment on that earlier. Missouri this year, year to date, we've seen some growth, but it's been modest. I think the residential customer count is up about 0.3%, commercial customer count, up about 0.7%. The Illinois -- excuse me, the industrial customer count, unfortunately, is down about 0.8%. But we have been seeing a little bit of growth in the residential and commercial areas in Missouri.

Very good.

Good morning, Julien.

Really premature to get into that too, Julien. Look, I think what's happened with Noranda and their outage is very recent, certainly unfortunate. We're watching the situation closely and making plans for the potential to file in that rate case, but it would be premature to get into what the test year would be at this time.
Clearly as we do think about that case, we are thinking about the situation with Noranda and also thinking about capital expenditures, rate base that we have planned for later this year as well as other cost drivers of our business. And so all of those things are going into our thoughts about the timing of that rate case and, as you mentioned, things like test-year considerations.

Good morning, Paul.

Paul, this is Warner, too. I'd simply agree, of course, with everything Marty just said. But no doubt the one thing we've been very clear about, that if we have the ability to enhance this framework to support investment in Missouri, we will do so. And how that fits into the context of the big picture plan? As Marty said, that's something we'll step back and assess.
But we would expect to put more money to work in Missouri and we think there's significant opportunities to do this, to address aging infrastructure, to address things like greater forms of renewable energy, to address things like cyber, and physical security, go down the line, including some of the advanced technologies that we're putting to work over in Illinois. These are things that Missouri needs and things we will clearly be looking at.

Good morning, Steve.

Good morning, Michael. This is Warner and I'll start and Michael Moehn can certainly jump in. I think a couple things to think about. Number one, the sponsors of the Bill, they thoughtfully considered whether to immediately file a comprehensive bill or, as you say, I would say an outline of key objectives. I think that the objective there is to file the outline to give stakeholders the ability to provide input into certain approaches that may be utilized in the bill, so that's really where things stand today.
I think the outline is pretty clear in some of the areas that will be covered, but the specifics are still being worked out. And so I think as you saw, we talked about, we're clearly going to be focused on issues around addressing regulatory lag, especially those associated with the investment that's outlined in the bill. Certainly important consumer benefits, whether it be in the forms of earnings caps, rate caps, or even performance standards, similar to types of things we've seen successfully employed in Illinois. And importantly, what's embedded in all of that is strong oversight will continue by the Missouri Public Service Commission.
So it would be premature to go into details. I think those kind of specifics that are reflected in the bill as it stands today, I would expect to see in the bill when it's filed in its entirety. And so when that is out there, we'll have the better, a greater ability to go into more detail with you and certainly the rest of the investors.

Michael, this is Warner again. Look, I think at the end of the day, and we've had these conversation, I think there's several alternatives there being considered out there. And we've been clear in our conversations we've seen the Illinois framework and how well it's working and how it's delivering for customers in the state of Illinois. That's part of the conversation.
And, of course, there are other pieces of the conversation being discussed among stakeholders as well. But no doubt, we see the significant structural changes happen in Illinois and we see the significant benefit that's been delivered. Those kind of conversations are clearly being had.

You're welcome, Michael.

Good morning.

Good morning, Paul.

Thanks, Paul.

You bet, Julien. How are you?

Paul, this is Warner. I think a couple things. Number one, by and large, Illinois has clearly made progress in an improving reliability as well as responding to outage duration as a result of the grid modernization project.
By and large, what you are seeing between the two jurisdictions is that they are moving closer in terms of what their overall reliability and ultimate responsiveness to outages are. Illinois will continue -- they have specific metrics that they have to hit as part of the Grid Modernization Act and they will continue to pursue that.
As part of the legislative effort in Missouri, there were specific performance metrics that are put out there as well for reliability and that was in the legislation. I think importantly what really we were focused on and will continue to be focused on Missouri is to address the aging infrastructure.
So what are the kind of things that we would think about doing? Well, we would certainly be doing many of the things that you're seeing over in Illinois. Investing in smart meters, Missouri needs to do that. And it's an opportunity not just for our customers ultimately to be able to use the more advanced meters, it's investing in a smarter grid, whether it be in the power lines, whether it be in automating much of the grid compared to where it is today. Substations, all of these things are very important and things that we're doing in Illinois that we would be focused on doing in Missouri.
But also as part of the legislative effort we would be looking at the generation portfolio. Clearly we have aging infrastructure there and we could do improvements in a more timely fashion, we think, in our generating power plants as well as investing in renewable energy which was a significant aspect of this bill.
So when you put all those things together, these are things that we would be focused on in Missouri, should we get legislation passed that would support that investment. Those are the kind of things that we are going to continue to talk about with policymakers, both the remaining part of this session as well as, frankly, moving into next year, both during the rate case as well as preparing for the next legislative session.

We're going to have Maureen Borkowski, she can jump in. As we've seen some of these retirements, we think there are some transmission opportunities. And so, Maureen, why don't you jump in talk a little bit about some of those.

So, Julien, I apologize, I think I was saying Paul a moment ago. It's Julien, so I apologize for that. I'm sure Paul was not offended; hope that you're not as well.

Julien, this is Warner again. I think a couple things. It would be premature for us to say if we're going to do something special from a regulatory framework perspective. Every time we move into a rate case we step back and say, okay, what from a policy perspective things that we want to pursue. So we'll step back and think about that.
And in terms of the overall rate increase, it too is premature. You will see a lot of that here coming up very soon in early July. We will give you all of the specifics and as we move forward in the rest of the year, we will explain the case in more detail to you and the rest of our shareholders.

Good morning, Paul.

Good morning.

Good morning.

Andy, this is Warren. A couple things. Just in general, as you know, from a buyer perspective obviously you look in the past we have been a buyer of M&amp;A. But as I've said before and will continue to say, our policy has been we don't get into the specifics or comment on speculative transactions or M&amp;A activities just in general. That's not very constructive.
As you know, we've grown in the past through acquisitions. But to be clear, our current plan is focused on the plan that I laid out before and that's on the organic growth in our regulated business. We plan to deliver strong earnings growth that I outlined and it's driven by the rate-base growth, of course. With our strong dividend, we believe we will deliver the superior value to our shareholders and ultimately to customers too.
M&amp;A is happening in our space, so it doesn't surprise us that there continues to be some level of consolidation. In particular, we continue to be attentive to the things going on in our space like other companies. But whether we're a buyer or anything, that probably takes it one step too farther than just what we've done in the past.

Andy, this is Warner. I will ask Michael Moehn to speak up as well. I think that there's -- whether there's going to be a specific workshop, I don't think there's anything that's been decided in particular on that, that's always a possibility. I don't think the Commission has come out with a specific statement or ruling that they plan on doing that. Michael, I don't know. I'll let you --

Sure, Paul, this is Warner. I guess a couple things. Number one, the session, as I said, ends this Friday. The reality is time is very short. While comprehensive performance based regulation legislation will not pass, at least from our perspective, it doesn't mean that we still don't have conversations with key stakeholders to see if we can make some level of progress.
It's probably not appropriate for me to speculate, frankly, to say what that may or may not look like. We will know, frankly, in a few short days whether anything happens. But time is short. While it may be difficult, it doesn't mean that we are still not at the table talking to the key stakeholders.

Stay tuned That's a good way to put it.

Sure.

You're welcome.

Good morning, Julien.

(Multiple speakers) Julien had one other issue on pensions and OPEBs.

Sure, Julien.

Good morning, Brian.

Sure, Brian, good question. I think if you look back at our beginning-of-the-year guidance and then walk through our first-quarter and now second-quarter disclosures, you can piece some of these things together, and you've got some of those. I think as it relates to, starting with our guidance at the beginning of the year and thinking about how it moved, we had an $0.08 or so pickup from the adoption of a new accounting standard in the first quarter, which was a positive. At that same time we also had a couple of additional cents of decline due to this Noranda outage. We started this year thinking it was about a $0.13 impact and now we're at about $0.15 impact. We also had, as you mentioned, we've now had a little bit of lowered expectation in terms of the treasury rates and again, that, like you said, that has impacted us by $0.02 or $0.03 there as well. Those are some of the impacts that we had.
Now, in the first quarter we also had negative weather. It was about $0.05 negative in first quarter. As mentioned on the call, we had positive weather here in the second quarter, which more than offset, and we're about $0.01 positive now for weather year to date. When you look at that where we are at the end of six months, you've got that tax gain that we experienced in the first quarter. You've got about $0.01 of positive weather, and we've had some offsets due to the decline in the treasuries and then this temporary impact of the Noranda outage that we're experiencing this year. Those are some of the things that were pluses and minuses versus our original expectations and why we were positioned then with the backdrop of very solid operations and very solid execution of our strategy and our plan for this year that we're able to raise the guidance by $0.05.

Yes, that's -- you correctly described it. I mean what we're doing today because it is the most -- has been the most efficient way to do it, is we've been financing the transmission growth at our ATXI business through financing at the parent, which we've got both some short-term and long-term financing in place there at the parent that supports the investments we've been making at ATXI. Obviously, as that short-term debt grows at the parent, we'll consider when it might be appropriate to term some of that out. I don't expect that to be this year, but in prospective periods we very well might consider that.
To the extent we believe it's more efficient at that point to do it at an entity other than Ameren Corp, at either ATXI or a holding company level, we'll evaluate that going forward, but as we approach that decision, whether that be next year or in some period beyond, we'll certainly be happy to discuss our thinking at that time about why we're proceeding.

On the Missouri filing that we filed, as we mentioned on the call, had an equity content in the cap structure of 51.8%, and that is the cap structure of the utility subsidiary Ameren Missouri.

Michael, this is Warner. I'll take a shot at it, and then I'll let Michael add some more of the details on that. Number one, I think I would start with this. This is a positive development that we're talking about the need to address Missouri's aging infrastructure and seeking solutions, especially outside of the legislative session. I see that these proceedings that are being conducted both by the Missouri Public Service Commission and the Senate interim committee an opportunity for stakeholders really to come together to not only share ideas, to share differences and to try and find a constructive path forward. While maybe some of the filings included things that the intervenors or others did not want to see, that's informative.
Secondly, I know that Ameren Missouri and then certainly the utility group, they filed specific suggestions and there was a host of suggestions to try and address this issue. I fully expected the commission to carefully look at these things, to engage with stakeholders, as well as the Senate interim committee, to try and advance Missouri forward. Because as we've been consistent, we strongly believe that this is not only an opportunity but one of these things that it's really imperative for Missouri to move forward with the constructive policies. We're encouraged by these developments. We look forward to engaging with the key stakeholders. Michael, you've been working with some of the more specific key stakeholders, anything you'd like to add in terms of the overall process and where things go from here?

Sure, Michael.

Good morning, Paul.

Paul, this is Warner again. The simple answer is yes. We're at the table with key stakeholders and as EXELON and others have promoted plans or potential pieces of legislation, we have provided input, and we have provided input that we believe that will encourage some additional investments that we believe will benefit customers, but also to make sure that it's balanced for certainly the southern part of the Illinois as well as the northern part of the Illinois. It's all part of the framework, and so we think there are there are opportunities.
Whether that will be a legislative effort that will be the priority for this legislature here in the short term remains to be seen. They obviously are very focused on addressing some budget issues and so once those matters are addressed, perhaps then energy legislation will come to the forefront, but the bottom line is we're engaged. We're simply engaged with them. Richard Mark oversees our operations there. Richard, would you have anything else to add to that?

We'll have Maureen Borkowski, who oversees our transmissions operations, she'll be able to give you some input on that.

Sure.

Good morning, Steve.

Steve, this is Warner. Let me comment squarely on this. Our focus is on the strategic plan we laid out right at the outset. That focus, as you can see, is on the organic growth in our business, which is driven by robust rate base growth, which we believe is going to deliver solid earnings per share growth. We've obviously talked about the dividend that goes along with it that is going to deliver what we think is a superior total shareholder return. As you said, we do believe the industry will continue to consolidate and certainly in the past we have obviously participated in some level of consolidation. The bottom line is we're focused on our organic growth plan. We're attentive to what's going on in the industry, and we'll simply just continue to execute, execute, execute, period.

Hi, Gregg. This is Warner. Please to have you join us. So in terms of the sale of the New Madrid smelter, frankly we're not sure if that has any impact on the case. The sale has been completed. Not sure exactly what the future is of the smelter at this stage but we don't see it having any particular impact on the case. Michael Moehn, our President of Ameren Missouri Operations, any further comment on that?

Sure, Greg.

Good morning, Brian.

Hi, Brian, this is Warner.
Yes, a couple of comments. Yes, in December three bills were filed: Senate Bill 190, which we spent most of our time on. But then there are two other bills, Senate Bill 214 and Senate Bill 215. Senate Bill 214 really is very similar to the performance-based ratemaking bill that was filed last year. Senate Bill 215 is similar to, I would say, enabling language.
Our focus right now, and those in the industry, is on Senate Bill 190. We believe when you take all the stakeholder input that we have had since last session and even in this session, it reflects many of the input that we have received from stakeholders. So that's our focal point now. Those other two bills are still out there, but we're focused on Senate Bill 190.

Look, I'm going to turn it over to Michael Moehn, who oversees our Missouri operations.
Michael, you can comment a little about the process that the Commission has gone through in the past and then where we are at.

Yes, look I don't have any specific comment on Dynegy's -- what Dynegy is seeking. I will say this, that today it seems like with respect to capacity, that we have the resources in Illinois to serve our customers' needs, that I think is evidenced by the low capacity price that we saw this year. Longer-term, however, we're certainly concerned about capacity adequacy, reliability and volatility rates for our customers. And as we have in the past, we stand ready to work with all parties in terms of resource adequacy for the State of Illinois.

Andy, this is Warner. I can be happy to address that. Number one, as you rightfully said, we never comment on any rumors or M&amp;A activities or speculative transactions, right. But as I said before and I'll say it again, I want to be clear. We remain very focused, very focused on executing our strategic plan, and that strategic plan is all about organic growth in our regulated business. It's all about executing that rate base growth that we've talked about, and that plan has delivered strong total shareholder returns over the last 3 years. So that's where our focus is.

Paul, this is Warner. I'll take a shot at it and I'll address both of them in terms of the bigger picture and sort of the deja vu comment as well as the sort of filibuster. Number one, it may feel like deja vu, but I will tell you from my perspective, we have consistently made progress in advancing the discussion on important energy infrastructure legislation that will support investment. And I think what we have seen over the last 2 sessions has been not just meaningful progress in terms of stakeholder support but also legislative support. And so, of course, if it doesn't advance this session, we are going to be disappointed. But from my perspective, the -- what we've done in the Missouri legislature, working with our utilities across the state, is make sure they understand the clear opportunities in terms of what's important to modernize the energy grid, but also those opportunities that those investments will create jobs. I think this is why you see such strong bipartisan support. This is why you saw the come out and seen a commerce committee with such a strong vote. Unfortunately, as you rightly point out, we've had some challenges in avoiding the filibuster. And so in terms of the filibuster, there are 2 ways to address a filibuster. One is that -- well, probably maybe 3. Number one, you can try to minimize the number of folks that are willing to filibuster, and from our perspective that number has meaningfully decreased from where it was in the past. Secondly, and what you hope to do is try and find a compromise with those folks. But if not, then you need to be given adequate floor time to try and drive either negotiations or get something across the finish line. That's not unusual in the Missouri legislature. Filibusters do occur on other bills and, frankly, ultimately sometimes they get passed, sometimes they don't. But the bottom line is that a filibuster doesn't ultimately kill everything that goes on in the Missouri legislature. Last but not least, there are rules that the senate has available to it that could help debate on the bill. But as we've said before, those rules are used pretty infrequently. But there are ways to address it. First and foremost, we try to do it in a constructive fashion and find good compromise that creates a win-win for everybody. So as we look forward then and to the next legislative session, as I said on my comments, we're -- while we may be disappointed if Senate Bill 190 does not advance this session, we're not going to be deterred, because we think it's absolutely critical to continue to advocate for important energy and economic policies that are in the best long-term interest for our customers and the entire State of Missouri. I think when you look at the work that we've done in the growing body of evidence across the country that these regulatory reforms are truly making -- are truly driving customer benefits and creating jobs, those kind of things will continue to put us in a very good position whereby constructive regulatory reform can ultimately be passed to the State of Missouri. That's my perspective.

No, well Paul, what I said -- we said it's unlikely. We have till May 12. Time is short. And so because of that, I think it's very challenging for that Senate Bill 190 to get passed this legislative session.

We never say never. And we still -- or as I said also, that we're still trying to work on a constructive path forward with key stakeholders, but time is ticking.

Neil, this is Warner. Look, bottom line is that in moving policies forward, we consider both the legislative route and we consider the regulatory route. You've see in regulatory rate cases advance policies that are within the tools that the commission currently has. So that's always an option. But we also pursue the legislative option, and we think too, clearly, that, that is a good sustainable path as well. So there is no point of inflection. There is no black or white line as you just literally go and say, &quot;Here is the time.&quot; The point is, we factor a number of things into our thinking around that, but the most important thing is that we get it done for the State of Missouri and for our customers. And, Michael, you have some additional comments on that as well.

Andy, this is Warner. I'll hit the highlights and certainly Marty and/or Michael can join in. My view is that we're pretty clear about what our 5-year plan is. I mean, it's laid out there and clearly the compound annual growth rate for Missouri is what it is. It's laid out there in the slides about 2%. And we feel very comfortable with that. And the strong robust plan, the 6% rate base growth plan that we talked about is not contingent on regulatory reform in Missouri. But we've also said, if we have regulatory reform in Missouri, whether it comes through legislative means, whether it comes through regulatory means or a combination thereof, it'll give us the ability to put more money to work in the State of Missouri and therefore enhance that investment profile. So I think that's really how I see it going forward. Michael, any other comments?

Absolutely right.

So the bottom line, Andy, is we feel comfortable with our plan and we've been pretty clear. We'll -- we're going to continue to stay at it and because that -- we think it's simply the right thing to do for our customers, for the State of Missouri and our shareholders.

Andy, this is Warner, I would just simply say -- I would just say one thing. As Marty said, I think it's just simply evidence of the fact that we're executing on our plan and we're executing it well and we're executing across all of our businesses.

Thanks, Michael, for your question. A couple of comments. Number one, we're in the process. We look at transmission, but we also look at generation. And we've been consistent in saying that we're going to transition our generation portfolio to a more diverse, cleaner portfolio, but we're doing it in a responsible fashion. A little bit later this year, we are going to update our integrated resource plan. And that will highlight some of those opportunities we may have in the renewable energy space just with regard to our own generation. And as we know, we have a renewable energy standard in the State of Missouri. And as a result of that, as renewable energy costs for new generation comes down, that's something we're going to look carefully at. Of course, to make renewable energy work, you need to make sure that you have a transmission system that's robust enough to support all of that. And at the end of the day, we have certainly made more investments in the transmission space in Illinois. And then in MISO, we've done some. We have Mark Twain project that we're going to hopefully continue to move forward with and get across the finish line. So as you continue to see greater levels of renewable generation in MISO, in the broader footprint, we do see that there could be some opportunities for incremental transmission that could be done. Whether it's done on a multi-value project basis, which would have to go through MISO, or potentially, of course, something that we would do under the state regulatory framework in Missouri. And so I wouldn't say that we certainly rule that out. We see that as an opportunity. So I'm looking at Shawn Schukar. And Shawn, in terms of how you look at this space, especially in MISO and other things. We do see incremental transmission opportunities not just to support generation, but even just to deal with and to support [new] reliability projects and those types of things.

Sure, Paul. I'll comment on that. And Michael, feel free to jump in. No, as we said before, of course, we've been disappointed that we haven't got that across the finish line. But the process in legislation is always one of collaboration. It's always one of working with key stakeholders to educate them on the needs. And it's always one of ensuring they understand the real value to modernizing the energy grid. Now if you look at what we've been able to do in Illinois, that's really the formula that we've worked over there, is making sure everyone understood the value. And then once you have them understand the value, you deliver on those projects. And it's clear what we've seen in Illinois and what we've seen, frankly, across the country, is that modern energy policies that support investment in a modernized grid not only brings real value to customers, it keeps rates still affordable, but it creates thousands of jobs. That's been a formula that's worked across the country, and we can see it's worked clearly in Illinois. So that same message is resonating in the state of Missouri. It's why we have such strong bipartisan support. That's why the collaborative effort that we've been working on continue to gather even more stakeholders to support it. So it really is one of just doing the work on the ground, to work on -- with -- collaborating with key stakeholders. And being mindful that the approach that we've been taking is very consistent with our -- Governor Greitens has said that, look, regulatory reform is an important part of his platform to become governor as well as creating good-paying jobs. What we've been talking about the state of Missouri is absolutely consistent with that. So I think that has been the approach. And Michael, you've been on the ground working with key stakeholders. Anything to add?

Well so, at the end of the day -- Paul, this is Warner again. We do what we've been doing, we continue to work collaboratively with those key stakeholders. And yes, we have a small group that has opposed the legislation. But we won't be deterred, because, look, it's important for us to continue to get their input. We share our own input with them. And as we said before, while we've experienced a filibuster, there are certainly ways to not only find compromises and advance, but in the context of filibusters and the like, look, the key is you continue to reduce the number of people that may want to participate in the filibuster, number one. You make sure you are given adequate floor time to try and make sure you can address those issues and hopefully come to a compromise. And lastly, as we've said before, I mean, there are rules in the Senate that would enable to close down the debate, but those rules aren't used often. We hope we never get to that point. The bottom line is we want to work collaboratively with everybody to ultimately get constructive legislation that benefits our customers, the communities that we serve and our shareholders.

In Missouri, there are term limits. Yes.

There are. Correct. There are term limits.

Always a lot of stuff going on in Missouri. I'll comment on the timing of legislation, and then I'll look to Michael Moehn to comment on the proceedings that are going on in Missouri, looking at some forward-looking things from a regulatory perspective. Big picture, we have not set a specific time in terms of when legislation would ultimately be introduced. We are very focused to try and get working with key legislators to get legislation prefiled before the legislation -- legislature starts. Prefiling can begin as early as December. The legislature opens on January 3, so we don't have a specific date, but we have been working hard over the summer with our key stakeholders, with our partners to put ourselves in as good a position as we possibly can to move forward. And so we would expect to file legislative -- support a legislative initiative in 2018. So Michael, do you want to touch on some of the other proceedings going on in Missouri?

And Michael, you may comment on the PSC. They're doing some workshops, some forward-thinking regulatory policies around electric vehicles and those types of things. Perhaps Paul has heard a little bit about that, so maybe you can talk about some of those things which are taking place, which it is what the PSC has initiated on their own.

It's a morning of Pauls right away, right? Here we go.

There we go. There we go. We'll have a trifecta.

So Paul, this is Warner. I'll comment briefly. Look, as I said before, there's been a lot of work being done here in what I call the off-season with a host of stakeholders. So the conversations continue to be constructive, and we try to make sure that those that have had opposition, that we reach out to them to get their input. And so it's ongoing, and we are very focused to leverage, as Michael said a moment ago, the really strong bipartisan support that we have in both the House and the Senate as well as the stakeholders across the state to move something forward that's in the best interest of our customers and certainly -- the communities we serve and certainly our shareholders. And so there's still more work to be done, and the team is hard at it as well as working with our partners across the state.

So Andy, this is Warner. I mean, look, I think, the legislation's 24 -- or the proposal to be clear, is 24 hours old. And so we'll assess this. And as I said in my prepared remarks, my sense is this particular provision will get a lot of attention over the next several weeks from key stakeholders from across the country. But we're still assessing that ourselves. And so the only thing, as I said during our talking points is that we understand the real benefits to customers, the environment and shareholders as a result of this plan, so we're very focused on it. And so we're going to work very hard to get our arms around this potential proposal as well as looking at the existing law within the state of Missouri and also being mindful that it is our desire to transition our generation portfolio to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. All those things come together, and we expect then, as things move on, to be able to give a more comprehensive update on all of these things, certainly, in February, when we come and have our year-end conference call and give you a more forward-looking outlook for the next 5 years.

Michael, why don't you take that question, please?

(inaudible) too. I'm sorry. It's important to understand this. This rider mechanism doesn't require a formal rate case. It's all -- it's done -- it's a rider mechanism outside of a general rate case. That's how the provisions of that works.

Julien, this is Warner. I think what we said is we would spend these expenditures through 2023. That's what it would be. And a lot of this would be predicated when the legislation is ultimately passed, but we've been clear. We had a plan out there. That's a 5-year plan for $1 billion. And so through 2023 is what we've been talking about.

I'm sorry?

Yes. Yes. Relatively speaking, I think fairly ratable is a good way to think about it.

Steve, this is Warner. I think clearly, we'd pointed out opportunities for additions, both for the wind as well as for grid modernization. We presented our base plan, and we have 2 meaningful opportunities that we'll continue to work very hard to execute on. And so it'd be premature to say exactly what we'll do with the overall plan. But the bottom line, we're not saying we're going to make any changes to the plan as we see it today.

Michael, you want to address that, please?

Yes. Paul, this is Warner, and I'll ask Michael to comment. Look, I think that the bottom line is, as we've said, the passage of this bill in the Senate is a positive step forward, but now we're going to turn our attention to the House of Representatives. And what we do is we're going to look forward to discussing the real significant benefits of Senate Bill 564 with all the members of the House. You have to keep in mind, the Senate just passed this bill so it's now moved on over to the House, and so we're looking forward to having those conversations.

And Michael, just to add a little bit to that and it gets a little bit maybe to what Steve's question was before. When we look at this bill, and we've been clear that if Senate Bill 564 is passed, I mean, we will spend significantly more investments or make significantly more investment in the State of Missouri. $1 billion. This is what we're talking about. And so that is absolutely our plan. And so with that comes significant benefits to our customers in terms of, not just modernizing the grid, but also giving them the tools that they want to manage their energy usage. Michael talked about this compromise. This compromise took what was already a bill that had robust consumer protections and made them even more robust. So these are the types of things that we're going to talk about with the House of Representatives, including a significant number of jobs that will be driven by this bill.

Well said, Marty. And I would just add similarly with wind, right? I mean, that's the bottom line. We have a very constructive regulatory mechanism that is contained and then the renewable energy standard. Both of those things will drive important investments in the State of Missouri.

So Andy, I'm sorry. If you don't mind, could you maybe repeat your question? And say a little bit loud -- it's hard to hear you.

Yes, that's correct.

So Julien, this is Warner. I'll start with the overall timing and then I'll let Marty comment a little bit more on the CapEx piece. Now as we've said, we expect to file certificates of convenience for at least 400 megawatts by June 30. And then it is our expectation that we'll fill in the rest of our wind generation needs with agreements and filings with the Missouri Public Service Commission by the end of 2018. So Michael and his team in Ameren Missouri have been working hard with many of the developers, and they will continue to do so. So Marty, do you want to comment a little bit about the CapEx and the cadence associated with that?

Julien, this is Warner. I'm not quite sure if I understand what you mean by options, but let me just tell you what we're focused on. We're focused on Senate Bill 564, which now has passed all the -- received approval by all the necessary legislative committees. It is now very well positioned for a final vote with the House -- in the House of Representatives. And so as you've been following this, I know you have, there's been a great deal of hard work, collaborative efforts and compromise to get this bill to where it's positioned now. And along the way, every time this bill has been reviewed by one of the committees, it has received strong bipartisan support. And so now, we have until May 18. And so Michael Moehn and his team are very focused on working with key stakeholders to make sure that bill gets adequate time in the floor and a vote in the House of Representatives.

We are focused on May 18.

Well, I think, if the legislation comes to pass, number one, we would expect that the commission would have a proceeding then to figure out how much and over what period of time we would end up providing the benefits of the tax reform to customers. Again, as required by law, that proceeding could be initiated. Right now, as it relates to our financial results, just to be clear, our financial results for the first quarter don't assume that any benefit is retained by the shareholders and that we've established an accrual for the expectation of ultimately providing that benefit back to customers. Michael, do you have finer point?

Yes, we are understanding that correctly, Paul.

You bet.

Paul, I'll let -- in terms of the hurdles, as I said at the outset, and I'll let Michael comment on some more of the specifics. It's gone through all the legislative committees. There are no more committee hearings to be had. It is on the House calendar. And it is ready to go to the floor when that House leadership chooses to have it go to the floor. And so Michael, any other commentary beyond that?

Because the bottom line, we've talked a lot about bipartisan support. I think it's important to recognize that key stakeholders from across the state support this legislation. And so at the end of the day, we remain hopeful that it'll have an opportunity to have this bill not only debated but voted on the floor of the House by the end of the legislative session.

So Michael, this is Warner. There has been a bill that went out on environmental matters that went out that was approved, but it hasn't been signed by the Governor. Michael, why don't you talk about the...

So Marty, why don't you perhaps take that, talk about some of the structural things around SB 564, and then perhaps Michael Moehn, the President of our Missouri operations, can sort of chime in. Marty?

Which is certainly a key part of our strategy, not a new one. It's one that we've been executing on. Michael, any final comments?

Julien, thank you for your question and we appreciate your kind comments as well about Doug and Andrew.

Paul, this is Warner. As you step back, I think our rate base growth is not just a 5-year plan. We believe we have a robust infrastructure plan beyond really through 2022. And it isn't just in Missouri. We talked about grid modernization there, which is meaningful. We've talked about renewable energy investments, which, too, are meaningful and could be more in the future. But when you look at the investments that we still have in Illinois, and we're executing the grid modernization plan there. But we've talked in the past about the potential incremental investments we have to do in the gas business. We continue to deploy capital there because there's a need, but also because there's a great regulatory framework over there. And of course, in transmission, we look at not just the multivalue projects, which we're executing very well, but look, there are a number of projects that we have to continue to execute there in terms of just system expansion when you think about NERC requirements. And so when we look at our overall infrastructure pipeline, it's robust across all of our businesses. And so our objective is to not only execute on the projects that we have in front of us over the next 5 years, but also to create and capitalize on infrastructure pipeline opportunities in the future. That has been our focus and it will continue to be.

Pretty amazing.

We won't go into storytelling about Doug. Let us move on.

Marty, why don't you touch -- I hit on some of this in our talking points, but why don't you touch on some of the things we're thinking about either the third quarter or early next year? And then, Michael, perhaps you'd briefly touch on some of the things you're doing to prepare to move forward on those projects. So Marty?

So Andy, all of those factors, as Marty said, will go into the overall timing. And so this is why we haven't made a specific choice. If we're ready to do it in November, we will do so. If not, we'll provide the update during our February conference call.

That's correct. It does not include the $1 billion associated with grid modernization or the potential $1 billion associated with the wind generation.

So Steven, this is Warner. Look, I don't know if you can call it -- whatever you want to call it, I call it a significant strategic win. And it's a strategic win for shareholders, our customers and in the states that we operate in. So when I step back and I look at where we're at today, we now have all 4 of the operating segments that we operate in with constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment, important investment for the benefit of our customers, the communities that we serve and serving our shareholders. And so as a result, I -- we have said and we will put more capital to work in the State of Missouri, just like we did in Illinois, when they passed constructive legislation. And just like we have been in our transmission business, when they have constructive jurisdictions there. And just like we did in our Illinois natural gas distribution businesses. So whether you call that a structural uplift or not, I call it an uplift, period, and I think it's strategic and I think it's a win-win, as I said during my talking points, really for all stakeholders.

Stephen, this is Warner, I'll start, and then maybe Marty, you can add. Certainly, you pointed out, and rightly so, Illinois has a very unique and constructive mechanism to address a rising interest rate environment. It's one of the few like it in the country, and when they put that together, it was to mitigate this risk. But obviously, with this low interest rate environment, customers in Illinois have benefited immensely. But it is a mechanism that obviously adjusts immediately, which we think is terrific, should the need arise. And of course, you think about the other jurisdictions where we have the ability to go in for rate cases when we deem it appropriate. So while in Missouri, we have a rate freeze through April 2020, obviously, we will respect that. We'll have to come in by 2021 and we have the ability to file rate cases when we believe it's appropriate. Just as we do in Illinois for our natural gas business to file rate cases, we have a forward test year there. And so we can be mindful of those types of things to try and make sure that we match our cost of capital with changes in the interest rate environment. Transmission, a little bit different mechanism to get that. But we think, too, should the need arise, we could go in there -- if interest rates rise sharply, we can get there in a timely fashion to address those types of issues. So I think under our existing frameworks, we have the ability to address that potential risk. And then as I said before, with Illinois, we have really a unique mechanism to do even better. Marty, anything else you would comment on?

This is Warner. I think that Marty did a great job summarizing it. I think, to summarize it, we have a deep pipeline of investments of that can bring significant benefits to our customers, not just in Missouri but frankly, across the board. And secondly, Marty outlined a host of cost opportunities for affordability to keep our customers' rates low, not just in Missouri but across the board. So we look at the pipeline, plus affordability is going to continue to have us move forward with a strong sustainable growth plan.

Yes. Sure, Julien. This is Warner. Look, I would say this, obviously, we have a very robust 5-year plan and we have identified in that plan the opportunity for an incremental $2 billion, one for grid mod and another for wind investment in Missouri. As I've said before, our plan isn't just a 5-year plan. Our team is focused on creating an infrastructure pipeline to bring benefits for our customers for years 6 through 10 then go out to 15. And so as we look at -- in Illinois, we believe that the MAP program was certainly a 10-year program but I know Richard and his team continue to believe that they have robust distribution projects to continue to enhance service for our customers, whether it's in substations, whether it's continue to automate the grid. Obviously, we'll have the smart meters done, but we continue to see opportunities there. And then our gas business as well, we're investing more money in the gas business with that constructive framework. We believe there could be some new regulations coming down the pipe that will ultimately require additional investments there but we believe, too, that there are opportunities. If you think about transmission, we obviously have outlined the investments that we're making there, both in multi-value and reliability projects. But you step back and you look at what's going on in MISO with all the Renewable Energy projects that are coming online and a lot of interconnection agreements are being put in there, there could be an opportunity down the road to have more robust transmission planning and investments. I can't predict whether there'll be another round of multi-value projects but when you look at the level of renewables coming into that space, now that's something to step back and think about beyond the 5-year horizon. And so I would say that we feel very strong, we're not just focusing on [5-year], folks on years 6 through 15. You made a passing comment about Illinois legislation, look, we're focused on executing the plan. This is not something that is at the top of our list of things to focus on in Illinois but of course, we're always engaged in the framework and the policy discussions in Illinois just like we are in Missouri in the federal level. So hopefully, that gives you a good insight in terms of how we think about the business.

Yes. Insoo, this is Warner. Look, I think, big picture, we target it between 55% and 70%, and so we're not saying where we're going to be in that picture. But as I said earlier, look, I'm pleased that the board raised the dividend for the fifth consecutive year, and I think it clearly reflects their confidence in terms of our -- with our long-term growth plan. And so, yes, we continue to be very comfortable with expressing our dividend in terms of the payout range. And then, that, coupled with a very strong rate base growth plan, we think is delivering very strong total shareholder returns.

Yes. They're build-transfer agreements. Greg, I'm sorry, this is Warner. That's correct. The 2 that we've entered into.

Ali, this is Warner. Thanks for the question. I'll let Michael comment a little bit further because he just filed the Smart Energy Plan out. I'll just start with this saying that the robust infrastructure plan that we talked about over 5 years and 10 years in Missouri, as I sit here today, it still remains robust beyond just the 5 years, and frankly, continues to grow with various needs. But Michael, you can talk a little bit about what you've incorporated in the 5-year plan, and certainly some opportunities that you continue to see from Missouri.

Mike, I'll just add, look I think this is clearly a step forward. And importantly, I think, what Mike and his team have been able to do is, just raise the level of awareness and the conversion in the state of Missouri on this. So this is what we have today, but dialogue will be ongoing here in the relative near future, and we look forward to continue to lean further forward in the electric -- electrification because we think there are real opportunities and benefits for our customers in the state of Missouri, and we will be looking at similar types of things frankly in the state of Illinois too because we see similar benefits over there as well.

Sure. Michael why don't you talk about that because I know that some of this is embedded in Senate Bill 564, so why don't you give an update there?

Sure, Stephen, this is Warner, and then Richard, feel free to jump in. Look, big picture, when you think about renewable generation, we're not allowed to own renewable generation in the state of Illinois. And so we stay very mindful of the activities here because certainly, since we purchase energy on behalf of our customers, we want to make sure that, that rates continue to be good as well as making sure that the reliability is thought through. Having said that, Richard, was that the table with key stakeholders during the governor's transition period and they talked about the transition plan around energy policy. One of the things that we pointed out very clearly is that the energy policy in the state of Illinois is working quite well. The formula rates is working quite well, and so we see that if there are investment opportunities associated with that in distribution business to make sure we can continue to deliver the safe reliable service for our customers, we will do so. If we become more broadly in terms of a renewable generation, certainly, we will be thoughtful about transmission opportunities because we said this before and we'll say it again, when you look at the MISO footprint, there are a lot of wind and solar projects going on in the MISO footprint. And we stand ready and are able to help implement those with not just interconnection agreements but perhaps some time down the road, there'll be an opportunity for multi-value projects. Early innings, but we can see that as a potential opportunity. And so Richard, I know that you've been working with your team over there, anything that you would add to what I said.

That is what we're focused on.