We just generally see seasonality -- seasonal fluctuations in the mobile loss experience, Mark, and it can be a variety of things. For example new phones, new handsets introduced into the marketplace, sometimes in their early durations have worse experience than as the manufacturing process matures and things like that. So the things -- just we've seen them bounce around a bit and we just wanted to note that they were really favorable in the first quarter.

Yes, that's a fair statement.

Yes and there's also -- we've got FX volatility that we flagged; that may continue. We've also got run-off of some of the existing Solutions businesses. For example, some terminated service contract clients, that is going to go down; credit insurance, we've talked about before, domestic credit being a run-off business.
Then you've got going the other way, you've got some growing impact of expense saves from actions that we've taken there. So you've got a lot of things going on. We put them all together and say $50 million in the fourth quarter still seems like a reasonable place.

Well, we like opportunities. Obviously, we really like Field Asset Services; we've essentially completed the integration of that; early indications are right on track there. StreetLinks, we're very excited about; we've got a strong platform there; it went through our M&amp;A process, which Chris has talked about before; we feel like we paid a fair price for it.
We think we got -- in all of our acquisitions, another important component is the quality of the Management teams we're seeing and that's really -- we've really been happy with that. So we feel really good about the pipeline and we still see opportunities out there. Chris, I don't know if you want to amplify?

Yes, that's right. I do think though, Chris, that the other reality is, that the impact of the risk mitigation programs is very new and we and all companies in the Business, are working with a world now that's quite a bit different than there was in the past. We're making estimates and in some cases, based on very limited experience, and that will play out over the course of the year. So, you can't avoid that.
But, I really think, as Rob said, when we look at this, we've got the focus on the pre-tax results, we've got the sales momentum. We think that our agent distribution channel has resonated, consumers still want their agents, we still like the long-term value -- the long-term potential of the market. But this transition period is going to create a certain amount of volatility almost regardless what we do.

There's actually lots of adjustments in Solutions. You've got the earnings you pointed out to; we also paid the contingent payment to LSG when that was completed. And then, this takes a certain amount of time in our process to get, we have several shared entities and we get the allocations to each of the businesses calibrated. That just introduces a certain amount of noise and so you see some of that Corporate true-up action that went on and added to the equity this quarter.
So, yes, when you look at the $50 million in the fourth quarter, what I think about that is, if you look at our acquisitions, John, we have evaluated acquisitions on a cash basis. We feel very good about how they will report through, but we've also pointed out that on GAAP, because of the amortization of intangibles, we're not going to see the GAAP profits right away. So that is what is causing a bit of that differential between the GAAP ROE and how we've evaluated the deal for the acquisition, which has been on a cash basis.

We certainly, as we have always done, John, we are always looking to fine-tune that legal entity structure. And if there are opportunities, we're certainly not saying that we'll never be able to get any equity out or anything. We keep working that issue.

And we're -- each year, you learn a little bit more, the methodology for estimating gets better, and so we think we've got a reasonable estimate out there now, Seth. Things can change, as we do M&amp;A or something like that, but we're getting now able to calibrate the impact of this.

Well, we look at a lot of factors in providing our outlook, Sean, and we've got all the normal drivers and we make assumptions for portfolio activity. But these discussions are still ongoing so we really aren't in a position to size that now. As more information becomes available, we'll certainly provide it.

Yes. Well, there's several things going on. Lapse activity was up in the first quarter; now that we're past open enrollment, I'd make a couple of points. One is some of our sales haven't been processed through and added into our in-force totals, so we'd expect to see some of that coming through in the second quarter.
Could also have some amount of lapse activity that would go the other way too, but that sales growth is going through there, Now that open enrollment is out, the activity is really going to slow down. We're going to get sales -- we expect to get sales, but they'll be driven around life events, lapse activity would stabilize, so you should see less volatility going forward.

I also think, there's -- you talk about the three Rs -- the risk mitigation -- one of them doesn't apply to us, the risk corridors, because we haven't been selling on the exchanges. When you think about the re-insurance program, that's really -- you're estimating -- that has nothing to do with the riskiness of your block, that's really just estimating how many of your claims are likely to be -- reach the re-insurance threshold.
And that's the larger impact for us compared to the risk adjuster that your talking about, Steven. For both of these programs, they are new and there's a lot of assumptions and experience is really early, as I said in my prepared remarks. We're just going to see this play out and we'll be able to give you a much better feel for this stuff as the year goes on.

No. We have not called those out as disclosed unusual items, Chris. We were very happy with our mobile experience in the quarter of the year. We do talk, as I mentioned, about variability, and these things are hard to predict in advance, but overall, mobile is very strong for us, and we also like several other areas of solutions too, which are performing very well.
On our vehicle services business, we're excited about the new contract with SCI. So mobile definitely is driving our progress this year, but solutions, all solutions lines are going very well. Then you've got to keep in mind the declining areas too. But the domestic credit business and the retail channel in the US. But mobile plus those other areas, we feel good about.

Yes. So the first thing I think is if you look at where we were a year ago, we decided to allocate resources toward consumers and agents, as they were going through the impact of healthcare reform. We also were of the belief that everything we heard, the exchanges were going to have some trouble getting up and operating. At the beginning, we didn't think that was the best use of our resources.
That turned out to be a pretty good decision. I think things went well. So what are the learnings today? The learnings we found is, the exchanges have gotten better, and they're also used by agents as a way to determine who might be eligible for subsidy.
So although I think the agent will continue to be the guider of the buyer in a lot of these situations, or most of them, they're going to use the exchange as a means to determine if someone can get a subsidy. We're going to make decisions on a state-by-state area, based on where we think the best opportunities are, but we do think playing in that arena, and demonstrating we can succeed there will be very important for us going forward.

Sure. Well, the accrual will continue to grow because the settle-up on these things won't take place for a while, but I think it will grow along with our premiums, as so-called metallic premiums account for a bigger share of our business. Mark, the accrual will grow along with that. We'll certainly be reporting out to you in a variety of settings about the progress.
To the confidence in these, they're part of the legislation, the ACA legislation, we've built them into our pricing. They were designed to make sure that the individual carriers were comfortable being in the market. For the most part, actually I think they are industry-funded. There's money being collected now, and then in the case of the risk adjuster, it's sort of a zero-sum industry program. So we're quite confident about that.

Well, we think it will be quite meaningful. It's a multi-year plan. Because of the complexity of the property business, the complexity of the systems environment that's required to serve our lender-placed clients, and all. It doesn't happen overnight. But as I think we mentioned, we expect savings to start next year, and then they'll build over the next year or two.

I think as plans get more firmed up, we'll certainly be updating you about that, Mark. We expect the savings from these initiatives to be meaningful.

It's the total segment, John.

No. Premiums and fee income.

I don't think we provided that split, yet, John. We've got contributions from the domestic clients. And notably we've talked about T-Mobile, we've got a favorable amount coming in from (multiple speakers) and Telefonica.

Yes. There's certainly expenses, John. You can think about it as it's a big logistics business. Someone might trade in a phone, or send in a phone for repair. We have to work on it, mail it back to them. So there's certainly expenses associated with these things.
And the contributions from these programs come in different ways, John. We've talked about the $10 million contribution but in some cases, because of the different kinds of programs we do, sometimes they are accounted for through fees, and sometimes they are expense offsets and stuff, so that's why we've tried to help with that. And we mentioned that the combined ratio on the non-mobile things are trending sort of in line with our historical benchmarks. So I think with this additional disclosure, that can help you figure out how mobile is coming through our financials.

No. It's a $10 million contribution to NOI. Right. So there's much, much more combination of things. It's netting to that, John.

Yes. I think at our investor day, Adam went through some of this, John, and outlined that. We're feeling much more confident that we can earn good margins in the traditional major medical business. I'd also point out remember, we're on a journey here in health.
And we said that as we developed our strategy over time, the first thing was to demonstrate, as the Affordable Care Act went into business or became fully functional, that we could sell in that environment. I think we're proving we can do that. We know we have some higher expenses associated with commissions on new business. We've had to put resources on getting ready for all these things.
And we think profitability will improve over time, and over the long-term, we think we can earn attractive returns in the business. So step one, we proved we could do things. This year, we're going to go on the exchange, prove we can sell there. Longer-term, we know the profits will follow.

No. I think there's some noise in the quarters, John, because of our complex legal entity structure. So I think if you go back and think about equity as, we got income, we take some dividends out, from the segment, there's some growth that's certainly going to drive solutions equity up, but I don't think it will go up. In fact, it will probably moderate a bit by the end of the year from the $1.7 billion.

If you think about it on a state-by-state basis for instance, we're done in California. Those changes were put into effect a couple of years ago. We've finished. I think what Gene outlined at investor day is we'd have about an 8% to 9% impact over the course of 2014 and into 2015.
Obviously, Florida is a big part of our business. We started taking rate actions in Florida beginning in January of this year. And as business renews, that represents about a third of our business, John. So there's a timing impact to how these things come through. And we review this stuff regularly on a state-by-state basis, with each of the different insurance departments.

We feel good about the $50 million in the fourth quarter. We took it out because of the strong quarter we just had. We're already there. We pointed out that you just need to think about a little bit of variance and we had really good loss experience in the second quarter.
Historically, loss ratios have moved around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. And then we talked about the inherent difficulty in predicting some of these marketing programs, because they're really under the control of the carriers. The carriers start and stop them, so we just want you to be aware of those things when we think. But overall, we're very pleased with solutions results.

Again, we can't predict what will happen. We do have, I think, other things we've talked about. We've got expense savings going on in all the solutions that will continue to take effect, as we go through the year. A lot of the programs are designed around carrier strategies, and also, the introduction in new phones, et cetera. Those are difficult things to predict.

Yes. I think Chris's presentation at investor day tried to address some of that, Seth. I'm going to let him tee up where we are on a number of these acquisitions.

Correct. StreetLinks came in during the quarter, so that was a meaningful change from first quarter.

Yes. I think there's lots of -- the loan counts are point in time snapshots, and it's directionally important, but it's not a perfect timing match with our premiums. But I think you're thinking about it correctly, but the pricing is going down, as we've talked, as we roll out our new product.

And I think we'll keep you updated as these things go on. And as Rob said, these are relatively new, so our history is, we had what, $4 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second quarter. Over time there's likely to be some kind of baseline that will develop, but it just takes time for that to come out.

And I think losses come in -- there's not like people have a phone for months, and then they have more claims going up. I think it's more of there's variability and we see some seasonal variability in losses, due to maybe, there's more accidental damage claims. There might be a little bit of theft experience that varies differently on the age of the phone, or something like that, but I think in general, this stuff develops fairly quickly.

We did see that last year. And then we saw very good experience in this quarter that just ended that we talk about. So you do see, there's some sort of fluctuations.