Good morning, Sarah.

Yes, and Sarah, it is Wesfarmers.

No worries, but I figure they are probably listening in, and we got to get their name right. The market is a little bit squishier there than it is here in the United States. The economy was booming in that area from natural resources in particular. We got some real benefit of that, as we did the SPA transaction in Perth. That has slowed a bit.
China is kind of pulling their horns a bit, in terms of their continued appetite for natural resources. But the economy is still probably a little bit more robust than we see here in the United States, and the market is probably just a tad softer there than it is here.
But all in all, a very good sales environment. And one that we think that over time as -- again the underwriting discipline that we are seeing in the United States is something that we believe we will see globally.

Sarah, I was down there last week, and had a chance to interact with our corporate group that is -- we have got about $20 million, about $30 million of revenue down there.
I am going to tell you that the excitement about the opportunity to really push organic growth from our troops, the brand strength that this brings to them. They have been fighting above their weight class, and get -- believe me, I understand what that is like. Because when I started off selling, nobody knew who Gallagher was.
So they have been trying to tell a story down there that Gallagher is different, we are unique. We have got these capabilities. They have been very good at using our niche approach. We sent our niche leader on the college and university side, down there about five years ago.
We got a very nice book of business in that area now, with I think about seven universities that are now clients. But they look across our construction capabilities, our natural profit capabilities, our higher education and public sector capabilities, and these people are chomping at the bit.
So I think that they have had decent low single-digit organic. But as we come around to planning time, I will be expecting better than that.

Thank you, Paul. Good morning.

No, Paul, we are not seeing a deceleration in the first quarter. As I said, I continue to be impressed with the discipline that underwriters have, bringing to the marketplace. I have never seen a market like this in my career.
This is my fourth cycle, and to actually have about three years now, going into our third year with discipline. Having said that, any account that is of any size that has got a good clean record that deserves to get a decrease, will be marketed. That is -- they are account underwriting.
So I think the market is disciplined. As Doug commented earlier, we have less than 1% of our growth is coming from market or from market rates, or from the improvement in our clients businesses. Which is good, because that means our people are doing a good job in the field, of exactly what they should do which is helping our clients get the best deal they can get.
I wouldn't get all hung up on organic growth in the first quarter. Doug commented on the fact, over the last 20 quarters spread, that you can see on our website, first quarter tends to be sequentially our smallest quarter.
And frankly, I think we push so hard to finish the year, and we had such a dynamic year in 2013, that it doesn't surprise me that we would be a little short to our norm. So I am not feeling like our sales process or our sales efforts have decreased. And I am not feeling like the market has fallen out from under us.

Paul, I want to hit on your question as well. I think Doug did a good job on that. But we really believe that our acquisition process is about finding ways to make one plus one equal five, and this one should equal [six].

Great, Brian. How are you?

Thanks for getting up and getting on the call early. We appreciate it.

Ask the question again, Brian? Do I see any -- are you asking if I am seeing increase because of economic improvement?

Yes, but on the order of (inaudible).

Brenda, anybody else?

Good morning, Mark.

Yes, Mark, I think that -- this is Pat, and Doug can get to the numbers. But we have been very clear on what we believe our strategy around the exchange programs are. And yes, we are seeing very good benefit from the new law to our consulting opportunities across the United States.
I have been very verbal in the fact that I think the law is probably a tragedy for America, but it is great for Gallagher. And so, I guess, I have got to like it. But the complexity of the law and the amount of change that goes into that complexity continues to ratchet out of Washington literally every week. And it is very difficult to stay on top of and so, our clients really, really need help.
Part of that help is having them sort -- helping them sort through whether an exchange solution is appropriate or not. And we don't have one exchange -- we are not -- we have helped create a private insurance exchange, but we aren't married to just one program or one product. As consultants and brokers, we believe that our role will be to help our clients choose if they want a solution that includes an exchange, which exchange they will use.
And we do not see that as being a huge revenue uplift for us. We see that as being part of our normal day in, day out activity that we are responsible for. And I think that -- really if you step back, what is happening was our benefits folks, it is not just about health insurance.
What is going on with this law -- and I think it is helping clients focus on this -- is that they got to decide how they want to treat their people, and that is their total rewards. What is going to happen, how am I going to figure out retaining and attracting the people I need to run my business.
So for instance, very little in the way of clients saying to us, forget it. Throw my people to the wolves. We are just not -- we will pay the penalty. They can figure it out, go to an exchange, buy from the government. There is virtually none of that. As you are reading articles about people that have gone on to the government exchanges in the various states, as well as the federal government one, you will see stories of sticker shock, about deductible sticker shock.
Well, our clients, they are not going to do that with their folks. So the employers are staying very, very involved in this. But they are looking at it on a holistic basis that says, how am I going to keep my folks?
So there will be those that want a defined contribution approach, as opposed to a defined benefit, and we will help those people sort through which exchanges are their best answer. And, yes, we are seeing a lot of activity around that. I don't want to make it sound like there is a lot of interest.
I believe every employer in America will consider defined contribution and exchanges. That doesn't mean that I believe 50% are going to move in that direction. I just think it will be one of many solutions that will be reviewed, as they decide how they want to take care of their people. Doug, you want to talk about the numbers at all?

And as Doug mentioned, very strong help on the acquisition side. What we are finding is that people who are joining us really need our resources.

Brenda, do we have anybody else?

Well, we wrote less business as a percentage this quarter than we did last year.

I am not trying to be flippant. But I don't get jazzed up about a point here or there on a quarter. I see our pipeline. We are using salesforce.com. I see our new business. We are writing millions of dollars of new business a week.
The pipeline is solid, and I am very, very comfortable that the sales [comps] will be good. So as you are looking through our numbers, and you are trying to find systematically something that has changed, what I am telling you is nothing did.

Yes, all of us in the North couldn't get out of our house. (Laughter).

Nor did we want to.

Thanks.

Hello, Paul.

Of additional tax. So you would be somewhere between 3% without the tax benefit, and another -- I will say, $0.04 to $0.06 with the tax benefit. So you can get as much as $0.10, even on the full 19 million shares.

Well, let me take the integration discussion, and then I will let Doug touch on the margin discussion. When you take a look at these four acquisitions, know that for instance this -- what is going on with the one we just finalized which was Oval, was a totally different set of people doing the integration of that, than those who will be responsible for the integration of what we are doing in Australia and New Zealand.
So we are not -- there is different sets of hands on the oars here, and we are not having someone that has to jump up and say, I have got to leave the Bollinger deal in New Jersey, and fly my way to Australia right now, to get going on acquisition integration.
The folks at Bollinger by and large, are integrated. That has been a very good deal for us. It has folded right into three operations, our benefits operation, our wholesaling operation and program management company, as well as our Northeast region for our property casualty retail business. And that is going extremely well.
Oval will integrate nicely in the UK. Giles is complete. Heath was very, very much integrated. And so, I feel like -- we are really not straining the organization in any way, in terms of getting these things integrated. And Doug, you can touch on the margins.

Good morning, Scott.

Yes, Scott, both the UK market and the Australian market, New Zealand market are fragmented markets. There is not as much opportunity in those countries as we have in the United States, because we have -- probably 30% of the gross written premium in the world is written in the United States. And so, I think that just gives you a huge leg up.
We have got 300 million people here, and in Australia you have got 25 million. So but nonetheless, the business is fragmented. I have said this before, if you look at it on a global base, literally if you looked at all insurance spend, and you add Marsh and Gallagher, and Willis together, we wouldn't have any market share.
So in a fragmented business that is a global business, the opportunities to do bolt-on acquisitions is just outstanding. And our pipeline in the United States is incredibly robust, and it is very strong in the UK, and we will see how we build it.
Now one of the nice things about the Crombie Lockwood in particular, is that they have been very, very good at doing acquisitions, and they are excited about the fact we would like them to continue to do that. So I think that you are going to see that we will probable always have, in terms of item count more rolling into us in the United States than we do elsewhere. But we think the opportunities are terrific.
And we said that when we did Heath three years ago in the UK, that we needed a platform to be able to attract these firms. And we have probably brought on another half a dozen to a dozen firms into our UK operation, because we had the platform to do it.

I know you know the US market too, but I mean, it is amazing to me, when you look at the Business insurance, July article every year, they rank the top 100 agents and brokers in the United States. To be number 100, you have got to do $22 million of total revenue. So if there are 18,000 of them, there is 17,900 smaller than $20 million.

Yes. We are very excited about that too. It is almost kind of in a sense too bad that the Wesfarmers didn't hit when it hit, because it kind of overwhelms what we are doing around the rest of the world. But Oval is a terrific, terrific fit for us.
As Doug mentioned in his comment about the margin. If you look at what we are doing in the UK, Heath did have some corporate risk management business. By and large, it was mostly what we refer to as SME, small middle market. And when we did Giles, it was very much the same, it was actually some very small middle market stuff.
But what we like about Oval is it fits really nicely right on top. It is very heavily driven by upper middle market, corporate type risks, a very solid team of people, very well led. And it just fits very nicely into what we are doing, without a lot of overlap in terms of client direction, and client targets. So if you think about it as kind of like the slices of the pie, this one fits in really nicely, kind of completing the whole pie.

By the way, I would like to mention this, while we have got the public on. These were properties, Giles, Oval, Bollinger, and now Wesfarmers, these are properties that frankly, our competition really, really wanted. So I couldn't be prouder of our team in landing these. These are some ones that could have easily been picked up by our competitors, and we are very pleased that we were able to succeed.

And I would just add, that when I look around the network, and as you all know I have a chance to travel the network pretty extensively, the team has really, really turned on. We are focused on selling new business, and keeping what we have got.
The culture is solid, and I can say that on a global basis. And as we finish up a great quarter in first quarter, we are excited about the rest of 2014. And quite honestly, it good to be us. Thanks for being on the call.

Thanks Adam. It was a great quarter.

Absolutely. In my prepared remarks, that's why I mentioned it. Our biggest quarter for property placements is the second quarter. And property is one of our largest lines in the quarter, and it was impacted by probably over 10% reductions.

To put this in perspective Adam, we're the largest placer of excess and surplus property risks in the state of Florida.

And by the way, this is completely appropriate for our clients. There's no angst about this. They deserve a decrease. They paid up big time after the last catastrophe, and this is what the market should do.

First of all Adam, the detailed level of integration process management that we have is really unbelievable. It's like being in a construction truck on a job site. We know every single item that is supposed to occur every single month.
Whether it be a lease renewal or whether it be some account that should be transferred from a different London brokerage into our London operation. And those work streams are laid out way in advance. These organizations, remember, they're very similar to what we've been building here in the United States.
We've got terrific leadership that has been doing acquisitions of bolt-on acquisitions over the last decade. So I said in my prepared remarks, these are niche-focused, producer-centric organizations that look and feel just like us. And they fold into our organization nicely.
In terms of how we manage them, they report into our structure through our international business that is headed by my brother, Tom Gallagher, and by our CEO in the UK, David Ross, and we fold them in and move on just like we've done for the last [30] years.

Thanks Adam.

Good morning.

Let me take the ball on that one a little bit, Sarah, on a different angle. What I look at is selling and holding onto clients. Right? So, what I am really pleased about is with Noraxis in Canada as an example, we've already got people and resources from the US in areas like mining and natural resources, working together with our new offices in places like Nova Scotia, working on clients. That is exciting.
We're already writing new business throughout Australia, on areas that-- in places that we didn't have an opportunity before, but with our capabilities now, our people are out calling on clients saying this is a whole new world. That's what is the bellwether to me.
Are we holding onto clients, are we selling more new business? And if that's the case, that generates excitement, and in all three cases, the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, very, very good energy.

Absolutely. Again, in my prepared remarks and Doug's remarks, we mention the fact that even with rate increases, in some instances, up 5% or 6% over the last three years, the impact on our results has been less than 1%. So our people do a good job of helping our clients renew coverages at costs that are less than what's being requested. And that's by changing deductibles, changing structure, et cetera. So, if the market is flattish to down single-digits, we'll do great.

Thanks Sarah.

Mark, good start. (laughter)

Good morning Jeff.

Thank you.

And John, let me comment. These are world-class margins in that business. And there's heavy investments in IT and people. When you bring on a client, a large commercial client or a large insurance company, you better have the people at the desk because the claims are coming, trust me.

Thanks.

Good morning.

Look me talk about the environment and then I'll let Doug talk about the pricing. The environment for doing acquisitions just continues to be incredibly strong. We see globally is, there are literally thousands and thousands of smaller agents and brokers around the world. Most of these agencies and brokerage's are run by baby-boomers.
It's clearly their largest asset. And at some point in time, they've got to monetize their life's work. And so the pipeline just regenerates itself, literally, month after month with people that are considering -- and some of these things take years to get done. I mean, some will move in a couple months. But others will be sort of kicking the tires, looking at whether they want to do it, discussing it with you for, literally, years.
And we just are constantly going through the process of looking for, number one, people that know how to run a good business. We constantly say, if you don't make money for yourself and your family, you won't make money for us. But if you run a good business, if you are really good at clients and have a culture that fits-- Another thing people say is, how can you put on 17 acquisitions in a quarter and change their cultures? We don't.
If the culture doesn't fit us-- 99% of our due diligence, once we get over the fact that they make money, is all about whether the culture mach is going to be right. And once we get that set, we can literally show how one plus one can equal a lot more than two. So I think it's an interesting business situation right now on a global basis.
Our opportunities are literally, just every single month, the list just gets longer and longer of people we're talking to. I'll let Doug talk about the pricing.

Good morning.

Absolutely.

I have to tell Meyer, when we've been able to buy people from a private equity concern, five years ago I would have said we didn't really want to do that. I was wrong. When they get aboard a brokerage run by brokers, they like it.

Good morning.

Let me answer that, Kai, first of all, yes. It's time for us to digest and focus on integration. We're doing that every single day. So when I talked in my prepared remarks about work streams, we're on top of what's going on in every office, 70 offices around the UK, 50 offices in Australia and New Zealand. A bunch of new offices in Canada.
We're looking at that every single day, and yes, it's time to digest a bit and we're not looking at any substantial new large deals as we speak. Having said that, we open to doing acquisitions? Absolutely. Especially our bolt-on acquisitions around the world.
One of the reasons we're excited about what we did in Australia is even with the size that we've accomplished in Australia, we'll have less than 5% market share. Terrific opportunity to do bolt-on acquisitions and we'll continue to do that in Australia, UK, America, and Canada. Those bolt-ons will be, as Doug said, on the smaller side.
As it relates to non-English speaking territories, you'll recall we took a 21% interest in our Mexican trading partner, Grupo CP, we've opened a small operation in Chile, we'll continue to invest in Latin America and we look to continue to expand our global footprint. We're a global company, over 27% of our revenue and 27% of our people are now outside the United States, and we see that as a great expansion opportunity.

Remember though, if you take a look at this month's business insurance, if you look at the US top 100, to be number 100, in terms of an agency in the United States, you've got to be $23 million in revenue. So, couple that with the fact that we believe there's something like 20,000 agencies in America. So that is consistent around the globe as well.

Thanks Charles.

That's a great question. Thank you for asking that. The benefits business right now. Let me speak to first, domestically in the United States. The new PPACA law, basically in my opinion, puts small benefits brokers out of businesses.
We have 26 people in our compliance department here in Itasca supporting our US business, and 20 of them are attorneys. If you think about the compliance issues for anyone with 100 employees or more, and that's huge number of employers in the United States, they cannot contend with this law. And their brokers and agents can't help them. And they're figuring that out.
So our pipeline as it relates to smart consulting and broking firms in the United states that realize they need our capabilities is extensive. And we are clicking off literally an acquisition almost per week when it comes to benefits. And these are great firms with great clients who know that they need the capabilities that we have to be able to serve those clients.
Those that aren't recognizing that will die. They'll be done in the next decade. So what an opportunity for us.
Internationally, the opportunity to expand our consulting as it relates to benefits in the UK, in Canada, in Australia, New Zealand, those are territories for us that are just wide open and I think we offer a great complement to people who would consider joining us in those regions. And we've been very successful.
We had a very nice acquisition closed in the UK this quarter and we're very excited about that. Those are capabilities that will actually help us in the US. It's a great business for us. It's our next multi billion dollar business, in my opinion, and we provide a great home for those professionals that want to join us.

It's very similar.

Another good question Charles. That's an area that we focus on intensely and it's significantly improving quarter by quarter. And the opportunity is unbelievable.
If you take a look at our property casualty brokerage operation in the US, and our benefits operation, about 90% of those businesses are not cross sold. And both operations are up on salesforce.com and we are looking at that every single week and the opportunities are huge.

Thanks Charles.

Thanks Mike.

Mark that's a great question. Let me handle that. We take a very strong position on this which is, A: We do have a private insurance exchange that we've helped start in partnership with Liazon, and we offer that as one of the many things that we'll do for clients. But we look at exchanges as just more of the same, frankly.
Our entire history is going into clients' offices and helping them sort through what they should do with their risk and what they should do with their benefits. And these are new opportunities to move to-- new contribution approaches, as opposed to defined benefits of defined contribution approach. And there are lots of different exchanges.
So really what it does, is it provides some confusion to our clients. It's difficult for our clients to sort through all these options on their own. And so it's just more of the same when it comes to sitting down with clients and helping them sort through what should they do with their benefits.
Remember, it's not just the health insurance spend that clients are dealing with. Probably in most businesses, compensation and benefits is one of their leading largest expenses, right? And benefits is part of that.
So what we're helping our clients sort through is what they do about their workforce. What's the strategic approach to keeping their people and making sure that they're giving them the benefits package that's competitive. That includes health insurance and may include an exchange and it may not. And that just makes for more work for us.

Thank you Christine. I just have one very brief thing to say, and that is, thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. I already said this, but I think it bears repeating. I could not be prouder of what our team continues to deliver, first to our clients and then secondly to our shareholders.
The thing that's kind of fun about being in my seat is that, while I'm pleased with the quarter, I'm incredibly confident that this franchise is just getting started. So thank you for being with us this morning. We look forward to talking to in a quarter.

Thanks for the question, Mike. This is Pat. First of all, the integration across the board -- that is in New Zealand, Australia, Canada, and the UK -- is going extremely well. We are seeing exactly what we had hoped for. When it comes to expanding the business, we needed a platform in those locations to continue to do the bolt-on acquisitions that we do so well here in the United States and that we have been doing in the UK. And we are seeing that activity percolating along very nicely.
So the fact that we are now one of the largest brokers in Australia, we are we believe the largest in New Zealand, is giving us opportunities there to continue to bolt acquisitions on, and the same is true in Canada and the UK.
So the work streams that are involved in bringing these people aboard, minor things like, just as I mentioned in my comments, the rebranding in the UK are going extremely well. And I think that what we are hoping for in the long run is to continue to be able to build those businesses out.
You asked the question as to whether we have capacity to continue to do acquisitions. I think the leadership in each of those locations is excited. They are turned on and they are telling our story to smaller business owners that I believe will want to join us. So we have plenty of capacity. Our pipeline is very strong both domestically and globally, and I think it bodes well for future acquisitions.

Sure. Thanks, Mike.

Kai, good question. On the Bollinger acquisition, it is pretty tough for us to track that at this point. At this point, they are merged into our operations, and so we are not seeing -- I don't see a lot, a big difference between Bollinger and what our Northeast region offices are performing at this point.
When you look at Australia, New Zealand and Canada, the growth rate there in the low single digits similar to our operations. In the UK, as we put the Oval and Giles acquisition, I would say their growth rates are more flat.
There is also an exercise that we go through, and we do cull out some clients as a result of suitability, capability, et cetera. And sometimes they are just costly to operate. So we spend a year culling through the book of business. We are not making money on the account, we need to go through a repricing exercise on that. If the service load is too heavy, we may need to just sit down and say that we can't afford to service your business, so maybe you need to find another broker. By and large, we work through those over a year to 18 months on the deal.
So there's also a difference in the accounting basis. You do have some -- in some of the acquisitions, they pre-recognize monthly bill. In our situation, we don't, so we have to levelize that out. So there's a whole exercise going through on the organic. But by and large, it is not all that different than what you are seeing across Gallagher globally.

And actually -- Kai, this is Pat -- it takes six to 12 months for our new partners in those parts of the world to really understand the power of the organization and to tap into things like salesforce.com and the niches that we have got. And once that gets some traction, we do quite well. So it is a year of basically getting to know each other.

Well, we are extremely excited about our partnership with Grahame Chilton and Capsicum Re, and it is kind of an interesting play there. The traditional view of the marketplace in terms of reinsurance is that you have to have incredible amounts of analytics to be able to compete.
And one of the things that [Chile] has kind of brought to the table is that with all of the capacity that is in the reinsurance market, there is a premium now on execution, on actual placement. So it is -- in essence, it is almost kind of a return to the past. And that business is going extremely well for us. Obviously, we are not the majority owner of Capsicum Re, but we are a good partner, and we see really great traction there.

Sure. Let me break that down for you, Charles. This is Pat. First of all, when the market over the last four years has either been firming a bit -- and, again, the CIAB numbers are not out yet, but in the past we have seen as much as 4%, maybe 5% rate increases. Now we are seeing flattish to down a bit. Our people have mitigated those impacts. And the marketplace itself has contributed less than 1% either up or down to our organic growth.
Our organic growth comes from one thing: we sell more than we lose. We get up every morning, and we knock on doors and we tell people we ought to handle their insurance. And the data that we are able to accumulate today, which is far better than anything we have seen in the past, tells us that we know that 90% of the time, when we go out in the marketplace to compete, we compete with a player that is smaller than we are. Now, for people like myself that came aboard in 1976 when nobody even knew who we were in Chicago, that is a whole different position to be in. So our organic growth is coming from market share increase, period.

By the way, as far as the size of the firm today, I believe we are probably the only firm of our size that pays our people for what they basically write.

Both of those.

So, I tell you, you raise a really good point. One of the things that we are focusing on very heavily is exactly your point on lines of business that we are not presently writing. So we are looking at every single account as it comes up for renewal. And if we are writing the property and the auto, but we don't have the general liability in the umbrella, we are going at it at adding those lines. At the same time, it is straight-up competition on new pieces of business. So it is really accommodation of both.

No.

Well, I think the marketplace is going to get a lot of traction both from new-client wins as well as existing accounts that are presently in a more traditional arrangement, either moving to defined contribution or just liking the ability to give their employees more choice. So I think you'll see a greater movement, especially as we get around to the fall of next year when open enrollment is once again on us.
Right now, I think people are still learning about the exchanges and they are interested in them. But I think because open enrollment is already going on, most people are stuck with renewing the kind of process and program that they have in place. They also are concerned about not losing any grandfathering as we go into more compliance rules in 2015. And so I think it is going to take time through the spring and the summer of next year for the cease week to really understand the opportunities the exchange provides. And I think you'll see a nice blip in 2016 and 2017.

Correct.

Well, I think, Arash, our people get up every day and go out and compete head to head with everybody that is in the marketplace. As I said earlier, 90% of the time when we compete, we are competing with a smaller, probably more localized competitor. But we are very good at large accounts. We -- large accounts are what created Gallagher Bassett four years ago, 50 years ago, and it's -- but they are lumpy. And one of the things we want to do is be as transparent with you as shareholders as we can possibly be.

Actually, this year, I would say it is both. We have had a very good year on the large account front. Written business is up substantially from prior year. I think that the product offering that we are getting, the people that we are recruiting are getting some traction in the self-insured market. Large accounts are looking at us as a very viable choice for doing their claims work.
But, also, very excitingly to me, and I think this is true shift in the business, is insurance companies that are willing to outsource claims work. It starts off in times with them taking a look at locations maybe where they don't have infrastructure where they would like us to do some support work. And then ultimately over time, oftentimes, it leads to true partnerships. I won't mention names because I don't think that would be appropriate on the call, but I will give you one example.
There is one large insurer that basically outsources the entire construction book of business they have to Gallagher Bassett. I was able to go to the partnership meeting where we were working together on how do we want to adjust those claims and what differences do we want to see. There were over 150 people in the room. That is people working together from the insurer and from Gallagher Bassett making sure that the product offering they have in the construction world in the United States is differentiated by virtue of the fact that the claims outcomes, they believe, will be superior. That is exciting stuff.

And let me go back to Doug's comment. This is Pat. When you think about the fact that we will pay out billions and billions of dollars in claims, most of the insurance companies you follow don't pay as many dollars out in claims as we do.

It was outstanding. We had a great quarter. If you think about the second quarter, we had an awful lot of catastrophe property renewals in the second quarter, and those were down substantially. And as we commented in our second-quarter results, I think that is appropriate for those accounts because they paid dearly for property cover that has really not had many cat losses. But that, we didn't have a big property renewal quarter in the third quarter. Our MGA and MGU business did extremely well, and our open-market broking did extremely well. So organic growth was very strong there in the quarter.

Yes.

Better than the segment as a whole, Mark.

Well, given one-year difference, I would not say that there is much change there, Adam. But here's the thing. Doug mentioned in his comments, you give us a flat market up 2, down 2, sideways 3, whatever. And our expertise and our capabilities are what we are selling against the relationship that exists. So 90% of the time, we are competing with somebody that is smaller than we are, and 90% of the time, I believe, we can prove that we have expertise that exceeds that local broker's capabilities. Now, I think we should win 100% of the time and unfortunately we don't.
When we do win, though, and you step back, you are familiar with the fact that we are very niche focused in what we do in retail P&amp;C in particular. 85% of the business that we write that is new falls in one of those 33 categories that we think we are stronger than anybody. So expertise is truly selling in the marketplace. Not just size; we don't win accounts because we are big. We win accounts because we are really good at their business, and that means market share is coming our way.

Well, I will comment on that. This is Pat. I think that those that are underwriters have some concerns. Spending some time again at the CIAB just a couple weeks ago, when you think about -- just for one example, worker's compensation for hospitals. It is an issue. The good news is that we are brokers. We don't take that risk.

Well, I couldn't be more excited about it. And to your point, yes. The lion's share of the business that we have across the UK -- we have 70 offices across the UK -- is SME business. And it gives us tremendous opportunities. We are very -- by the way, we are very good at that business, and we really like that business. And we know how to make a lot of money at it, whether it is by breaking it down into affinity plays or whether it is just simply handling it in a very efficient manner. We are very good at that business.
So what we are going to see, I think, is assimilation of the two, actually three, firms -- Heath, Oval, and Giles -- which will take us the better part of another year or so to get everybody grounded in the same spot. We will then be able to look at that SME business and see how a firm that has got that much of it should handle it. And as I said, we are very good at it right now. So we know how to improve the handling and structure of that business.
And then we are going to focus very heavily on growing it. And we are going to grow it about two different ways. One is we are going to be out in the street marketing every single day, telling people whether they are large or small that we ought to handle their brokerage. And secondly, we are going to buy firms that have good, solid SME business and fold them into our platform.
So we are good at that in the United states. We are very good at that in Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and Canada. And we see great opportunities to grow small and personal lines business globally.

Well, I will give you an example. So in Australia now, I think we are probably the fourth largest player in Australia, and we don't have a 10% market share. We think our market share is something like 5% to 7%. In the UK, we are probably the third largest player in that market, and we probably don't have a 25% market share. So the ability to do that business better than your smaller competitors, who are handling it in a more traditional manner, gives you great opportunities to expand market share and to build efficiencies in the system.

Yes, Josh, let's put this in perspective. I will be giving a presentation at SNL, the conference next week in New York. If you go to the Insurance Information Institute, Robert Hartwig's operation, the estimation is that there is something like $4 trillion of premium. That is all life, health, property casualty, personalized, commercial globally. We don't touch $50 billion of premium as an organization. We are third or fourth largest in the world, and we don't touch, literally, 10% -- not 2% market share. So what is our opportunity to expand? It is limitless.

Well, I think it will be about the same, frankly. We are very active. The United States has a leg up in the fact that since 1986, we have probably done 400 acquisitions, and those people for the most part are still with us. And so our acquisition pipeline and our acquisition opportunities in the United States, where we believe there's something on the order of 30,000 brokers, most of them run by baby boomers, is probably a little greater than what we have got in terms of experience, spread and headcount in the UK.
So I would say probably we got better opportunities to grow in the US through the acquisition process. But if you look at the flip side of that is we are not as big in the UK. So as a percentage basis, we should be able to continue to keep it going.
I just look at this whole thing and say go back to the United States comment. If there are 30,000 agents and brokers in the US, and there are people that estimate there's 18,000, some estimate 30,000, I don't know what the right number is. To be number 100 on Business Insurance's list this past summer, you did $22 million in total revenue. So there's something like 17,900 agents and brokers in America that are smaller than $22 million. I think we have got lots of room to expand.

Well, Josh, you raised a good point, because I think this is important. We don't talk about it much. Every time we get on these calls, everybody wants to focus on one number, that is organic, organic, organic. We are up 45% this quarter because we did a lot of great acquisitions with people who are staying with us. That is not easy. You can get 10 to 15 proposals to sell a $10 million business. We are fighting every day. That is real growth. That is real growth. And when Doug says we did 18 tuck-in acquisitions in the quarter, we didn't have one closing that went awry. We didn't have one time a check didn't show up. We didn't have one group of people that didn't get set up on Oracle. We didn't have anybody whose results we were not able to consolidate in the quarter. The back-room capabilities that we bring to this should not be underestimated. This isn't an easy thing for people to do. I am incredibly proud of our acquisition engine that we have built here at Gallagher.

Great question, Dan, and the answer to that is yes. There's all kinds of capabilities. They are coming from two things. One is size and scale. We are recognized now, clearly, by our larger trading partners as very large global players. And so it is kind of funny. I mentioned the CIAB conference. I have been going for 28 years. 28 years ago, if we asked for meetings with the larger trading partners, we didn't get them. They didn't have the time for us. Today, with over 21 meetings schedule, we had to turn away probably 20 opportunities to have additional meetings. We just didn't have room on our dance card.
Secondly, the information in our capability of using SharePoint and data warehouses are just making us stronger and stronger in terms of knowing our book of business and looking at that book of business in different ways and doing things that are beneficial to our clients.
So, for instance, based on the information that we have got, we have been able to create a better umbrella program for middle-market clients. And we have basically said to a small handful of companies, if you will write a stronger form for our clients, we think what we can do is then point you in the direction of the place in our network where those clients are, and you will have a better opportunity to write them because you give a better coverage product to our clients. Those are things we couldn't have done even five years ago.
So scale, information, those are all playing to our benefit. And the fact that we are where we are globally is creating a lot of excitement by our insurance company partners.

Robert, any other questions?

Great. I will just make a very brief closing comment. What can I say about a quarter that has adjusted revenues up 38%? All-in organic growth is 7.1%. Adjusted EBITDAC up 43%, adjusted margins up 80 basis points and EPS up 15%. A terrific quarter. Our team knocked the ball out of the park.
I just want to thank all of you for being with us this morning. Thank you for your questions. Our team is turned on. We are helping clients. We are bringing in new accounts every day. And quite frankly, it is fun to be us right now. Thanks, Robert.

I was going to say the same thing, Mike. This is Pat. We believe we have the industry-leading margin. And I'll tell you, it's not the same as the brokerage business. When you write new claims business, claims show up, and you'd better have somebody there to adjust them.

Sure. I was just there last week and had some very good sessions with the leadership team there. And we have a CFO that was offered another opportunity to work someplace else, that -- we're sorry to lose him, but he's a good guy. And he's taking an opportunity in private equity that he thinks will be better for him. But the team remains very solid. Very pleased with the integration I'm seeing.
As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are now trading as Arthur J. Gallagher everywhere. We are seeing organic growth. We are selling more than we are losing; that's good. And I think the troops and the leadership team have, over the last six months, really come together nicely.

We had a great fourth quarter, Adam. We killed it in the fourth quarter. We had a lot of activity. I would say the property rate decreases really did affect us in the first and, seriously, in the second quarter -- July 1, September -- those tend to be big months. But as we came into the fourth quarter, and so that property was behind us, we killed it. It was fantastic.
Submission flows were up. Our hit ratios were up. Remember, we are the largest MGA in the United States. And so those are, many times, small start-up businesses around the country that are coming in. That's kind of a good sign for the economy. We are seeing small start-up businesses that need cover. So I'm very bullish, and we're excited about the acquisition pipeline in those businesses as well.

Thank you, John. Appreciate it.

And I would say margins -- in general, margin is pretty similar to what we've got.

Pro forma.

I think we will probably keep that growth in dividend at a slower rate than EBITDA growth, depending on the deal pipeline.

We took our dividends up substantially a number of years ago, Bob -- you remember that -- and got to a point where we kind of had constrained cash with dividends. Still have the best yield in the business; have shared, I think, nicely with our shareholders our growth.
When we had a slowdown in the Great Recession, we did not deduct any of that from dividend payment. And I think as we build our capital plan going forward, we see ourselves being modest in dividend increase and continuing to be very acquisitive.

Thanks, Arash.

Well, let me -- I will touch on some operating aspects and let Doug give you the numbers. But I think what we're finding is when we put on a nice tuck-in acquisition anywhere in the world, that thing is integrated in nine months. They are hitting the ground running; Gallagher is helping them; our resources are working; and they are selling more business.
You do these larger ones, like Heath, Bollinger -- it probably takes 18 months until the troops have found the restroom; they know what they're doing; they know how to get to the resources; the resources are engaged; and organic growth is influenced by the fact that they joined Gallagher. And so I think you have to expect that to occur in Australia, New Zealand, Canada a bit, and the UK.
Now, also, to your point, the market is softer and Australia/New Zealand; a bit softer in Canada; a bit softer in the UK than it is in the United States. And as Doug said in his prepared remarks, we are seeing almost no impact from market advances or declines in the US domestic business. That's not true in these other countries.
And Doug can talk about the specific numbers. And yes, I do think that over time, as we have with our acquisitions in the United States, once they are integrated into Gallagher, organic growth does improve. You want to talk about the specific numbers?

Kai, we're always looking to hire good people into the organization. But I would not say that that provides us any astronomical opportunity.

If you take a look at the size of those deals in the 57, I will tell you that there is competition for every single one of them, but it's not as fierce as it is when you get bigger.

I would say it's pretty similar. Over the last couple of years, it's probably up a point or two.

Thank you, Paul.

Yes. We are seeing same-stores or account-by-account up about 5%.

I think we're seeing frequency and more employment. So it's not that the -- it's not that our customers are less safe; it's that they have more employees.

Well, first of all, Paul, our clients need a lot of help no matter what the rate environment. And what you had in the past -- historically, you get these hard markets where all hell breaks loose; you can't get the insurance. It becomes a seller's market.
You basically make every single one of your clients unbelievably angry. And when the rates start to settle down, your loss business goes up. When you're in a flat-rate environment, you're not ticking off every single client because prices are going crazy; you've got a reasonable request for increases if, in fact, their losses have not been good; you can help them cope with their loss situation and improve their pricing by reducing loss; and you don't have somebody show up who is a one-off broker with a 25% decrease in the cost of the program. Now we are all at a level playing field. Base costs are about the same.
That's why my comments are now it becomes an expertise game. Who do you want to hire? You want to hire the Jones Agency down the street that has a really nice guy that plays golf with you on Saturdays, but really doesn't have any expertise? Or do you want Arthur J. Gallagher, that has literally hundreds of capabilities behind us, to help that client -- regardless of what their businesses and regardless of where they want to play in the world?
Give me that opportunity without having rate declines of any substance: I will outsell my loss business, and I will not have to factor in rate decreases. And we will do extremely, extremely well.

Thank you, Ken. Thanks, everybody, for being with us this morning. Appreciate your being on the call, and thanks for your questions.
I think that it's fair to say that we just finished with a incredible year, and I couldn't be any prouder of the team and what we accomplished. We just accomplished an awful lot in 2014, and I'm looking forward to continuing our growth journey in 2015. So thanks for all of you being with us today and have a good rest of the day.

Also, Mike, Canada contributed nicely.

Yes, Mike. I think we've got a very stable situation now. Grahame Chilton has taken over as our CEO for the overall international operations. Retail UK is very stable right now; specialty is very stable.
So really what we had in the UK is -- we've got about 5,000 people there, and we had five people depart, and we've got a really solid leadership team that we are excited about.

Also, Mike, Gallagher Bassett is a bit of a proxy for the US economy. We're seeing work comp claims on existing clients up in claim count by about 4.8%, and liability claims up about 2% on existing clients. That basically is because of increased sales and hiring.

Yes, I will talk about the environment a little bit, Kai. It's very, very competitive on business that's a little bit larger in scale.
So you take a look at business insurance last July, to be number 100 in terms of the US size you did $24 million in revenue. I was at a conference this past week, and the estimate that this consulting firm had in terms of the number of brokers in the United States was 37,000; I've used anything from 18,000 to 30,000 in many of my speeches. So there is a very, very fragmented industry and there just aren't an awful lot of those that are over $25 million in revenue.
And we are very good at attracting those people that have entrepreneurial firms, $3 million to $5 million in revenue, make a -- have a solid margin on those, have no expectation of 9 to 10 times. And frankly, as Doug said, it's not just all about the money.
Yes, we have to be competitive. 6 to 7 times EBITDA is probably right in the wheelhouse.
But really it's about the capabilities and the culture. People are choosing to join us.
They have lots of choices, and in the end they are choosing to join Gallagher because of what we are building. And we are excited about that, and we are very happy to have people with $3 million to $5 million in revenue join the Company.

I think you're going to see consolidation happening just like it has for the last decade, Kai.

Okay. So, Josh, the Theory of Everything is this. We will do extremely well when people join us, and we will take a hit when people leave us. And the size of that will depend on whether or not the folks that are with the Company are excited to be here and say or whether they leave.
To tell you the truth, the nice thing about Gallagher is -- I think if you take a look at our turnover, if you make $100,000 at Gallagher, you don't leave. Our turnover is literally nil.
We do a very good job of bringing people aboard both by the merger and acquisition efforts as well as just organic recruiting. So frankly, I look at where we are today -- and I know you're referring to our London departures -- and we haven't lost one dollar of revenue, not one dollar.
I think with Chily in the seat, the line of people that are looking to be hired by Gallagher has actually expanded substantially, and we feel really good about that. So I think net-net in the end we're going to be up nicely in revenue.

Not one. Not one. Not one producer.

Yes, yes. We are still looking at new hires as a great opportunity -- not just in London, globally. And yes, we are net up and we are thrilled about it.

Oh, the benefit to Gallagher is outstanding. I just have to tell you, this guy is the real deal.
Just attended our Board meeting this week. The Board is incredibly comfortable with Chily. I have known Chily for a long, long time; and to be on the same team is really exciting.
He is a solid, solid senior executive who has great experience in running public companies. He is a broker's broker, which I like, because we are a brokerage run by brokers, and we speak the same language.
He is a very solid executive with a great reputation. And as I said, we've got a very long line of people who want to join us. So it's kind of exciting.

Well, we own 25% of it, and we have about a 35% economic interest. And ultimately, that's going to be -- Capsicum will be one of those stories that will wow you guys in the future.

Good morning Glasspiegel. (laughter)

I think you hit right on it, Bob. Our organic growth was strongest in the quarter outside the United States. I think those economies have been sluggish, for sure, for the last number of years. I think the pound/dollar/euro change will spur some growth in those economies, and we will be the beneficiary of that, especially with the moves we made last year on the retail side.

Yes, Bob, if I were you, I would use Doug's guidance.

Yes, I hope so, Bob. I really do. From your lips to God's ears.

No, I think minus 2 is -- here is what I have been saying for the last number of quarters. You and I have witnessed real cyclicality. Go back to the 1970s, the 1980s, the early 2000s. That is real cyclicality.
Everybody is worried about the rate of increase decreasing. And I am say: guys, if it is 1% to 2% up, or 1% to 3% down, in my history, in my experience, that is not a cycle. That's flat.
In our book of business for the quarter, rates and exposures essentially produced no increase nor any decrease. But I don't quibble with the CIAB. I think they are accurate. And remember, that is anecdotal as well.
But I think that basically we are in a flat, rational environment. There still is no investment return for these guys.
I've said this many times. It's the first time in my career when I meet with CEOs of major insurance companies and they tell me what's going on in the field and they are right. They are just -- there is much better information, and I think they are just more disciplined.
It's a rational market, which is fantastic.

Me too.

Yes, I would be glad to talk about that. In fact, we know for a fact now -- we are getting better and better and knowing our data and being able to study what is going on in our book of business. And we know that over 90% of the time when we go into competition we are competing with somebody that is smaller than we are.
So when you look at share, I don't want you thinking Marsh, Aon, Willis, Brown, and we are battling it out on every account. That is just not the way it is.
The real marketplace is that fragmented marketplace which is relationship driven and is middle market driven. We do a very good job on risk management accounts. We love to pursue large accounts, but by and large our people day in and day out are competing in the middle market. When they do that, they are competing with the local broker.
One of the reasons our acquisition pipeline is so robust and one of the reasons we are closing as many deals as we are is because people really like to see the capabilities. When I started in 1974 we fought above our weight class every single day. Today we can go out to any account of any size anywhere on the globe and tell them we can be helpful.
Our brand is getting stronger. People are beginning to know more about Gallagher. And frankly, we put a lot of boots on the ground and we are an aggressive cold calling Company. So we are out there every day pounding the street trying to get new business.
And when we don't write an account it is, frankly, because we can't break the relationship. I look forward to a future time when those relationships -- you could hold on to your best friend from high school for a while, but ultimately my capabilities are going to push you.

Yes, Mark, I would say that having gone through the Eliot Spitzer era and all the controversy around contingents and supplementals and what have you, and going through the rounds of negotiations, it's very stable right now. I think the carriers are at a point where they've got programs that they believe are driving good results for them, and it's a very stable thing.
We're not having a lot of conversations about should it change next year, how much should it change, up or down. There are those carriers that solidly believe that they just want to stick with contingents, and that's fine with us. And there's others that understand that supplementals drive the bus as well.
So I would agree with Doug. I think you will see -- I think supplementals and contingents will follow our organic growth.

No, I think if the underwriting results do deteriorate, then you will see in the contingent line -- so if you look at the table on page 2, I think it is -- then the contingent line will come under pressure.

No, absolutely. You hit right on it. Gallagher Bassett is up 4.8% in workers compensation claims of this year from existing clients. That is a definite proxy for the economy. That's because there is more employees in place.

It was a little better.

They are up, just up slightly, single digits.

Better than the PC -- than its PC relative. The benefits space is -- it's a great space for us right now, Adam.
You've got the Affordable Care Act and compliance issues. Employers now are seeing growth in their business, so payrolls and HR; it's huge issues.
And we are not just doing health and welfare anymore. We're helping our clients with everything from what position they are going to take in terms of their HR, whether it be compensation, whether it be wellness, whether it be health and welfare. How do you communicate that? All of that works together.
Frankly, the small broker in the health space is dead. They just haven't laid down yet.

By a factor of a lot.

Yes, I think what's interesting -- of course you have to be competing on price. People say: what do you compete on? And price is a very big part of it.
If there was a carrier that wanted to break for market share and was willing to be 7% to 10% off, I think, Brian -- not 5% -- but 7% to 10% off, that could cause some consternation in the market and could cause some movement. They would in fact pick up share doing that.
That's why it's interesting to me to see this rational behavior in terms of the competitive landscape. I've never really lived with this before. It's always been one way or the other: either you've got rates coming down substantially and you're shopping everything; or rates are going up and you're scrambling to get the coverage you want.
So I think there is a sea change here. It's been probably four years now of relatively rational behavior by underwriters.
I think it's very similar to what we saw with the benefits business in the 1970s going into the 1980s. The cycle came out because people began to understand that the inflation behind what was going on with medical care would not allow you just to compete on price. And I think people see that.
We do have claim inflation in the marketplace. There is tort inflation. There is not a lot of good rates of return in the bond market. And they've got to make their money underwriting.
And they are very, very -- they are much better equipped at this point, this time in my career with information than I've ever seen. So when I talk to CEOs of insurance companies, they know by line, by geography where they are making money, where they are not making money; and they are holding those offices and those underwriters accountable for underwriting profit. And I think that's a great place to be.

Yes, we have -- in fact I'll be meeting with them next week. We have what we refer to -- not refer to. Our branded network is called the Gallagher Global Alliance, and that's how we are trading in Europe through affiliates that are independently owned agencies, that are vetted by us and contracted by us to help our clients. And we mutually share the work on clients that they have in locations where they don't have operations; and the we do the same.
Right now in Western Europe, we have nothing in the pipeline to move in that direction.

Yes, I would agree. I think when you look at this, Greg, the payback that we've gotten nontechnology investments, it's pretty hard to put your finger right on it. But putting salesforce.com in place, having the technology, the technical capabilities now to have all of our US operations on the PC side on one agency system -- we've been in basically one agency system on the benefit side for years -- giving us tremendous abilities to use a data warehouse.
We now know more about our book of business every single day than we did years ago, and it's incredibly helpful in terms of being able to compete. When I go see a contracting risk and I can tell them exactly how many dollars of premium we have in the contracting space, I can tell them how many accounts, where they are, what size they are, and why they should trade with us, and I can translate that to what that means to the insurance carriers that we are placing that business with, it gives our producers a real leg up.

No.

Oh, I see huge opportunities. I believe 20% to 25% of our employees ultimately will be in those centers, whether they are in India, whether they are in the Philippines, or whether they are here in the US, or wherever we put them. I think the service centers that we are creating will continue to be tremendously additive to two things: both -- first our margin, but most importantly to our quality.
We will issue over 1 million certificates of insurance out of India this year. We know for a fact -- we can go in and look at this -- we do that at 99% accuracy.
Now, when I was addressing a group of independent agents and brokers just last week, I asked them how many of them had any clue what their level of quality was on the certificates they put out. There's not one of them that even knows how to measure it.
And that I believe is sellable in the marketplace. When I can go into a client and say: look, here is the facts. Your certificates are going to go out at 99% accuracy. Do you care about that?
Well, yes, you do care about that, because that's what you are relating to your vendors and your clients, what your coverage is. It better be accurate. So there's tons of opportunities.

Well, now that's a great question, Charles. I have to be honest with you, I don't know. We're going to find that out, aren't we?
I mean I think that certainly interest rates have played a large part in the rational approach. But I will also tell you I think there's three other factors that have added to this.
Number one, I think you've got senior management and senior leaders that clearly have better information and a much stronger understanding of their role is to generate returns year in and year out. And they can get their hands around what's going on in the field like they never could before.
The other thing is I do believe that Sarbanes-Oxley is having an impact. I will use this as a generalization. In my past years, if an underwriting carrier -- if a carrier could post a 93 combined -- and I won't ever mention any names -- they would post 99; and they'd put the rest away as kind of nuts for the winter.
You can't do that anymore. Boards are all over reserves.
You guys are very good in the analytical world of looking at reserve redundancies or reserve shortfalls, and I think that people have to play it as it actually comes out of the box. So if you've got an 89 combined, you're going to have to tell the world you had an 89.
So, yes, I think you're right. If interest rates go up it will create, I believe, some enticement for underwriters to understand that they can do better on the investment side.
That may soften the market.
But at the same time, I just see a higher level of professionalism in the CEO suite and much better information.

I think Doug hits at it. What we are seeing now is really cycles within the cycle, right? We know that large property accounts were soft last year, 2014; we expect continued softening in 2015. So our RPS unit as it comes around to July 1 is going to see serious competition for catastrophe property globally.
Not seeing that in workers compensation. You're not going to see that on regular property accounts through Oklahoma.
So I think Doug's point is a good one. Line by line, geography by geography, they are underwriting. They are really, truly underwriting.

Well, that's a good question. First of all, we've always coveted the world, so we've been very opportunistic. We've been in Australia for 15-plus years with Gallagher Bassett and with some smaller acquisitions on the brokerage side.
The moves that we made last year I think were seminal moves for the Company. I compare that to strategically going public in 1984.
You are going to see us do a tremendous number of bolt-ons. We're going to be able to do what we've done in the United States now in Australia, to some degree in New Zealand, clearly in the UK, and very clearly in Canada.
We've got those pipelines building and we've actually done some of those deals. So you are going to see us bolting on in those places where we've created a platform.
We are active in Latin America. We like emerging markets. We took a 21% stake in our Mexican partner three, four years ago; we've invested in smaller firms in Chile and Peru.
We have -- Singapore has been active for us now for almost 15 years. We did a small partnership with one of the largest brokers in China.
So I think you'll see us continue to take toeholds in locations where we're not and bolt-on in locations where we have a platform.

Which we like.

I think that's all our questions, Melissa; is that correct?

Okay, just one quick comment. Thank you again, everyone, for being with us this morning. We really appreciate it.
As I said at the beginning I'm incredibly pleased with our start to 2015 and look forward to continuing to execute. I think we've got good momentum and hope to have a solid 2015. Thank you for being with us this morning.

Sure.
We have a good -- a solid contract with Liaison. The brokerage community is going to be very important them. As you know, Tower spent a good bit of money on that asset. And in order for it to play out, they are going to have to be creating with others outside of the Willis and the Towers Group. We've been assured that that contract is solid.
But at the same time, I would be honest with you. We've got our eye on others as well.

Well, look, private equity has come strongly into our business. I think it probably now consumes about half the acquisition activity that occurs, which is smart money coming into a great business. I really can't complain about that. And when you do get to sizable platform acquisitions, pricing is up.
But if you noticed, that we've done 24 acquisitions for about $120 million of total revenue, and so tuck-in acquisitions are very prevalent. They are not as pricey and we continue to see great success in that regard. I don't see our pipeline diminishing one bit.
Now, we are not also facing so far this year we have not had any opportunities like we had last year to do something that was of -- substantial in nature, but we have announced that we are going to do the William Gallagher Agency in Boston. We are very excited about that. That is a platform agency.
So I think the comments from others are accurate. Private equity and some of the deals drives prices up. You have to decide whether you want to play in that market or walk away. I think we are very disciplined when it comes to that, and at the same time, I think we offer a terrific platform for people to come aboard, build their business, which in turn builds their income and have a great time building out their company.

Our UK team has stayed put. We are very pleased with Graham Shelton, who is our CEO. I think he has done a great job of explaining to the people why they are in a great place.
And to answer your question about other senior management and senior leaders around the world, we've had absolutely no further defections.

Well, you know us very well. We are always recruiting, always, always, always looking for new talent to bring into the Company. And we bring that talent in in a whole number of different ways.
As I said in my comments, we had 250 kids in our internship this summer, very excited about that. If I could recruit half of them I would be thrilled. If I could do more than half, I would be thrilled. We are constantly looking at seasoned players in the field that are competitors of ours, trying to get them to consider joining us. And of course, our acquisition activity brings new blood into the Company every month, every quarter.
In terms of seeing upward pressure, not particularly. I think remember, when it comes to our salesforce, we are one of the few larger players that still is very comfortable paying on a formula. So you go out and sell some business, you are going to get a raise. It's not really a big question mark.

No. Mark, when we compete in the marketplace, 90% plus of the time -- we know this because we've got the systems to measure it now -- 90% of the time we compete against smaller competitors.
Now, we are very, very good at larger risk management accounts, don't get me wrong. But when you look at our book of business and peel back the onion, 90% of our revenue comes from the commercial middle market and that is where we are really strong and we fight the smaller local agent most of the time.
So I don't feel at any kind of disadvantage at all. Besides, I would say our consulting division, our benefits consulting division now is down to less than 35% being health and welfare. The other business is all consulting.

Bob, I'm going to break all 52 questions down to a few that I can answer. First and foremost, I do think this is a trend that we are going to see. I think the pressure for cost containment, IT spend, you hit right on those deals. Tax structure is going to foster continued acquisition activity. I also think investment returns are going to push that. So I do see bigger players getting bigger.
We trade very well with the larger players. But I would also say that, in many of our branches, those local regional carriers play very, very important roles, very important roles to for instance in Cincinnati, Ohio -- very important relationship with Cincinnati. But, those that are consolidating, I will just take ACE and Chubb, two great companies, two great relationships with Gallagher and we wish them well, and hope that we can help them in terms of building up their company to help our clients.
In the end, what our job is is to pick the right carrier to recommend to our clients in that is influenced by things like efficiency and ability to communicate. But in the end, it is making sure that the cover is right, the price is right and we are replacing this with a carrier we trust will meet their obligations. And that is why we are trusted advisors.

It has grown substantially and we see that continuing.

Yes, you're right.

Not at this point.

Right. I mean, I think we've got terrific -- in particular the ACE-Chubb acquisition, which is I think what you are referring to, we've got terrific relationships with both of those incredibly fine companies. And on the combined basis, we will be a very, very large player with the ongoing Chubb and, as I said, the relationship is very strong.
Doug is right. You don't do something like that and then piss off your clients.

No, I don't think so.

It's a bit of a mixed bag. If you take a look at Cincinnati's numbers this week, they hit the ball out of the park. So they are a very prominent carrier with us, so they are very -- those that are doing well seem to be doing very well in this environment and we are benefiting from that with our contingents.
But it is something that you are right to be looking at that line, because they are indeed contingent. And if, in fact, this market softens to any great extent, and those results begin to fall, we will feel pressure on the contingent line.

There is good competition, but it's not as fierce as it is in the United States and it is greenfield for us. We've got a building pipeline in Australia. New Zealand is a smaller market but there is a building pipeline there. We've got a very nice pipeline building in Canada and we've got a very nice pipeline that has been built and is continuing to build in the UK. So those are a little bit of a greenfield opportunity for us for sure.
But you have to look at our business and really, it's almost hard to get your head around it. According to one consulting firm that we work with, Reagan Consultants, they believe there is 30,000 agents and brokers in America and that is firms, that's not people. Now Business Insurance put out their Top 100 just a couple weeks ago and to be number 100 in the United States, you did $26 million in total revenue. I mean there are thousands and thousands of these agents that do $2 million, $3 million, $4 million that we offer a terrific home to.
These are typically run by the entrepreneurs that built those businesses. If we do our job and we pick the right ones, these are people that want to stay in the business. They love the business, they like to take care of clients and they love to go out and sell. And with our platform capabilities and ability to team with people, we give them a great place to land.
So I see terrific opportunities going forward. Is there competition? Sure there is. I believe we compete very favorably with the private equity model especially for those that want to fold in, take advantage of the capabilities and aren't necessarily looking for the next flip.
It's one thing to join us and go after accounts that you could have never talked to before, even some of those being your good friends. But at the same time, knowing that you are at a stable platform, you are at a stable place. You can make the sale that private equity is great because they are going to pay you this, keep a little equity in, flip it, get a second bite and then flip it again, and maybe a second bite there and then flip it again and before you know it you don't know where the hell you are.

First of all, on the claims frequency side, workers comp is the bulk of what we do in the United States. Those claim counts are up about 3%, which is good. That is a proxy for the economy. When shifts come back online, claim counts tend to go up.
In terms of cost inflation, we are -- we see some of that on the liability side, not so much on the workers comp side. People are taking up our managed-care offerings to a great degree and that is helping us get people back to work quickly. That is the key to a comp claim.
The key to a comp claim is getting it reported quickly, interacting with the client -- with the claimant very quickly, getting them to the right physicians and the right people and the right nurse case managers and getting them back to work. That is how you drive the outcome.

Great, great organic growth in Canada and we do especially on the retail side, have organic growth in the UK.

Yes, thank you. Just one quick wrap-up comment, and we will let everybody get going. You might recall at the outset of our call I mentioned that I was pleased with our organic growth. All in, 5.8% is a very strong result and let me tell you, this is no accident.
Over the past decade, we've invested heavily in our new business and retention strategies. We brought in sales training, sales management systems. As I mentioned, this summer we have 250 interns learning about this great business. Our cross-selling efforts between our wholesale property-casualty and benefit teams are at all-time highs. Our international and US teams are working seamlessly on all types of new business. It's safe to say that our aggressive sales culture is alive and well.
So thank you all for being with us this morning. We will talk to you in a quarter.

It has been very consistent. It is a soft market and that is downward pressure. It is the old soft market play-book.

And their economy is soft.

Thanks, Elise.

Good morning.

Well part of that Ryan, we are the largest MGA in the country. And so our underwriting operations are doing very, very well. But our open market broking folks are as well. We are soft on the property placements and that is a big part of what they do. But, we're doing a good job of generating new business. We had some nice acquisitions there. They are performing well over the last couple of years and our MGAs are doing extremely well.

Thank you.

Very little. I would say at the very outset of the acquisition we had a blip in some turnover, and the turnover is very nicely under control now. So we are not seeing an excessive turnover whatsoever. As I said, my trip down there was exciting because the team is young and pumped up. They have got a lot of good things going on.
And there are a lot of things that we are bringing to the table for them that are strategies and capabilities, that they were not doing under the conglomerate at West Farmers. Not that West Farmers had anything wrong, it was just a piece of a conglomerate. This is the business we are in. We are not losing people by and large to our competitors down there. And, in fact, I think they are excited about the fact that we bring them a lot more capabilities.

We think we can expand it. Now, it is a small country and we have got a big share. But truthfully, we are underrepresented in the corporate marketplace there, and we are not represented in the public sector clients there. Those are two things that we are very strong in, in the United States. So we have got people traveling to New Zealand and Australia from the US in our vertical niche capabilities, and we think we can expand that.

Good morning, Adam.

Thanks, Adam.

If you recall, one of the things we were excited about as we came into 2015, is the fact that these moves that we made in New Zealand, Australia, Canada, and the UK gave us credible platforms to be able to do bolt-on and tuck-in acquisitions. We signaled that we would be back to doing our normal acquisitions, and that is, in fact, what we have done.
If you look at 29 transactions in about $180 million, you get an idea of what our average revenue is on these deals. I will tell you that the pipelines that have built in Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and Canada are becoming more robust every single month. It is absolutely working the way that we had hope it would work. We are a credible buyer now in those geographies, which just one year ago we really were not.
In the United States, we have got 30 years of activity that has continued to build our pipeline. We have got a very strong pipeline. As Doug mentioned, we think we will close a good number of additional transactions in the fourth quarter and we see a continuation into 2016 of our typical tuck-in acquisitions. And these are anywhere from $2 million to $10 million that don't frankly demand the same level of multiple that some of the larger transactions that some of our competitors are doing. That fits right in with the formula we have been doing for 30 years.

Good morning Bob Glasspiegel.

I feel really good about it. A s Doug mentioned, we don't publish budgets and the like, but these enterprises are essentially on plan as we came into 2015. We knew that Australia was going to face a soft market as was New Zealand, so we took that into account.
Whenever you do significant large deals, I think the very first thing you're looking to is, are you going to renew that book of business? And are you going to show some growth? Are there going to be opportunities for people to sell more as you rebrand? And there is good and bad about rebranding. I think that is change, and people oftentimes have a difficult time with change.
But by and large, I am incredibly positive. I will give an example. I was in Melbourne, Australia just a few weeks ago. We had our Australian branch managers there and it was a terrific meeting. You would think that these people have had meetings like this all of the time when they were under West Farmers. And the fact is, they really had not. They did not have the tools we are bringing.
Just examples of cross-selling where we have been able to help each other open new opportunities. We have gotten our public sector people down there a number of times this year. So things like that are going very well. When I see all of the enterprises, with the exception of Australia, showing organic growth in the very first operating year after the acquisition, I am extremely pleased.

In my prepared remarks, Dan, I made a couple comments on taking down data centers and migrating people to systems. That is where we see some synergies as well. Getting numbers of key operating units from 200 down to 50, that is good work.

Thanks, Dan.

Good morning Seth.

I think Doug made a comment in his prepared remarks, that look to the fourth quarter, it will be closer to the16.5 As far as the top line goes, I think we have just found a very solid new business. We are blessed to have a terrific organization in Australia and in the UK. They are contributing significantly. The United States is, of course, where we have been recognized as leaders in that industry for years and years. And our pipeline of new business continues to build, and we're hitting on all cylinders. Our renewals are sensational. We renew more than our revenue that is expiring. We typically renew in the area of 101% to 102% of revenue. That comes from claim-count growth and the organic growth of our clients. That's not rate increases. When you have got that kind of retention, and you can put some good new business on, you start to see those types of numbers.

I will tell you, my prepared remarks I said, besides Kat-exposed property, things are still flattish. If you go back and take a look at the hard market soft market cycles that we've lived with since the 1960s, the soft market typically sees prices coming down 10% to 15% a year, and that can go on for a decade. We are not seeing that.
If there is an account that needs a rate increase, the market is still trying very hard to put forward a rate increase. By the same token, if our people come across a very nice account, it hasn't been marketed for a while, it has been very successful and has not burned the market, and it deserves a 15% to 20% decrease, it is going to get it. I consider that to be a professional kind of deliberate flattish market.
So if rates are down in one line or another, take Worker's Compensation or directors and officers, if rates are down 3% or 4%, that is going to impact our organic. But it's 3% or 4%. We will outsell that. If it is up 2% or 3%, I still say in that band of five, you are talking flat. That is how the market feels.

And we still have the strongest dividend payout.

We do not dilute ever on purpose.

You are referring to the carrier consolidation?

I think on the benefit side we've seen significant carrier consolidation that has changed that industry significantly over the last 20 years and continues to push us to be more consultants than brokers. We are no longer really going out to very many clients on the benefits side and talking about what the rate environment is this year. It is all around consulting about what their human capital needs are, and how we are going to help them to maintain their employee base. I think consolidation in the property cash lead business is a long cry away from what we saw in benefits. I think you are going to see more of it. I think in this environment, this economic environment in this return environment, that is one way you are going to see growth.

Thanks, Kai. Manny I think that is about it. I think we're towards the end here. I will give a few wrap-up comments, then we will call it a day.
At the outset of the call, I mentioned I was pleased with our organic growth. All in, 4.1% is a very strong result. Over the past decade we have invested heavily in our new business and retention strategies. We brought in sales training and sales management. Our cross-selling efforts between our wholesale, PC and our benefits teams are at all-time highs.
Our international and US teams are working seamlessly on all types of new business. Our merger and acquisition pipeline is strong. So it's safe to say that our aggressive sales culture is alive and well. We're pleased with the quarter and appreciate you being with us today. Thank you.

Well, Ryan, I was coming off -- to be perfectly blunt I was coming off of a more pessimistic view, given the October and November results. And I was really pleased with what we did in December in finishing up the quarter. My, it's were mostly around US domestic P/C as well as Australia and New Zealand P/C. But I think, given December and the end of the quarter, I'm a little bit more optimistic.
Remember, organic growth is comprised of -- you mentioned the supplementals, but it's also retention, new business. So, there's a lot of components that go into that. And we just really had a strong quarter.

Well, I'll let Doug speak about the seasonality. Then I'll come back to my view on organic.

So let me address your issues around -- or your question, rather, which is a good question, around organic. Again, what comprises organic? We go out every single day, we try to get new business. We are fighting every single week to keep the business we've got. And that's an ongoing battle.
But, frankly, we know that 90%-plus of the time when we go out to compete, we are competing with someone who's smaller than we are and doesn't have our resources. I think the ACA is beginning to show an opportunity to have expanded organic growth in our benefits units. Our wholesale units have been very, very strong in terms of organic growth.
So I'm a little bit more bullish than I was in December. As I said, I was coming off a weaker October and November then I liked. I was very, very pleased with what we did in December. And if we can carry on with that level of new business growth and hold onto our clients, we should do a little better. I would put that in about 2.5% to 3% to 3.5%.

Yes. This is, I think, just a great example of where the Company is. Over time you will see us transition in a number of responsibilities, and we've got a great succession planning process. We've got an incredibly strong team. Joel Cavaness, who takes over the unit now in terms of being the CEO, is someone who has been with us 30-plus years, started his career in our St. Louis office, was one of the founders of risk placement services in the United States. And it's just the same hand on the tiller. I really like that.

You are looking for the organic growth in wholesale?

Listen, anything that the government can do, which they constantly do to make this more difficult, is great for us.

Well, besides -- Josh, let me make a comment. When we do an acquisition we want a continuing revenue stream and we want and earnings stream. That's a given. But we are putting great resources, terrific people into the Company, and that's very hard to put a price on. Our pricing folks do a good job of holding the line. As Doug said earlier, we don't dilute our shareholders.
But on top of it, these are new producers. These are new teams. You don't do that acquisition and someone else does, it's gone forever. So I've answered this question over 30 years the same way. When we've got a great acquisition partner that we want to put on, I'll buy that all day over buying a share.

Well, thanks. That's a nice comment.

And by the way, I'd comment I believe that 17% is significantly best in class.

No, that's not the right way to think about it. A hard market is a great growth market for Gallagher Bassett because it pushes more clients into the alternative market. They will self-insure. When market soften, clients will purchase insurance at lower levels of retentions. And sometimes that's not -- that's a headwind for GB.

Sarah, I have no clue. If the market goes in the tank -- I've been through for cycles. If the market goes in the tank like it did in 2005-2006, our organic is going to suffer. If the market tightens -- and let's face it, there is some controversy out there right now. You've got a little bit of firming going on in places like Australia and New Zealand. You got a little bit of controversy with some of our larger trading partners that are having some management issues. And there's some renewed discipline around that. If you get a harder market -- 2001-2002 -- significant double-digit organic.
So the market makes a huge difference. How we do the new business makes a huge difference. If we keep our retentions, that plays a huge role. I have no idea.

Well, I'll tell you, I've said this many times, I've been pleased and interested to find that over the last five years I would say the P/C market globally -- and also very much in the United States -- has really by and large been flat.
You go back and look at this chart starting in about 1970, this market was violently cyclical. You'd have times when rates were going up 30% and 40% and times when rates were falling 15% to 25%. Through the 1990s it seemed never ending. Companies kept going broke and prices kept getting cut.
You get through 2001, you have a violent hard market. That softened substantially in 2005-2006. But literally, since about 2007, maybe 2008, this marketplace has been pretty flat. And I would consider the present environment, which is about 4% off on general business to 10% off on large property schedules, essentially, with the exception of that property 4% off is pretty close to flat when you are used to what I've seen cyclically.
So I do predict that management of these carriers today have better information, they absolutely understand loss cost inflation and they're going to fight hard not to have a deterioration in their returns. So my view is that I think they will find a way to get that back closer to flat because they need to make money in underwriting to have any kind of return.

Well, I think that it probably helps us with new business. We've got a little bit more of a story to talk about. But again, I would comment that anywhere around 4% to 5% off is a pretty stable market. If I'm doing a good job for a client and I'm sitting down and talking to them about their renewal and I say, look, I think that this carrier has been a good partner for a long time, they've paid their claims, etc. And they are willing to come in at 2 points off. My suggestion as an advisor is to renew it. You will renew 90%-plus of those accounts.
So competition is fierce all the time in the business. But in a market like this I think our story is all about capabilities and about service. It really is about doing a great job on service, doing a great job for the client on the transaction and being a trusted advisor.

I think there's tremendous opportunities and there's some challenges on the small business side. I think a lot of that will be traded electronically. Once you get up to having some real assets, you want a trusted advisor that sits in front of you. That's not changing.

I think what's more complex is that the rules just keep being changed and rewritten. You have seen -- just as an example, someone brought up the Cadillac tax that everybody was expecting to get started in 2016 has been pushed back a couple of years. Those things just make for a whole other round of discussions with your clients. You are preparing them. You don't know the answer. If the self-funded part of the individual's cost is calculated into the calculation for the Cadillac tax or is not, that makes a huge difference in what our clients will or won't fund, where they are going to put their employees. And all of a sudden that changes.
So there's stuff that goes on like that literally every week. We've got 23-24 people in our compliance department, and the head of that writes an email to all of us about once every week to two weeks, and it's four pages long of new updates on what the rules are. So those complexities just drive a lot more activity for us. And we hope to bill it.

Yes.

I don't know, Mark. I don't know if I can position that for you. There's just more activity. I can't really give you a number around it.

Well, it's a war for talent every single day. That's why culture is so important. And yes, we are doing everything we can to make sure we have the best place in this industry to work and give the best resources to those people that work here and pay them really well.

No comment.

Thank you. That's nice of you, Mark. He's doing great.

We are going to keep Dave involved. That's one of the things that I'm really excited about. These are guys that are at a point in time where they want to have less responsibility but don't want to disassociate. That's wonderful.

It hurts it.

Yes. First of all, our largest location still remains in the United States. And my view on the economy in the United States is -- I'm no economist, but when I talked to our midmarket retail, P/C and benefit employers, I would not say they are elated, but they are hiring. The foot is not off the brake, but they are hiring. Payrolls are up. Unemployment is down. Strengthening dollar certainly doesn't help exports but it certainly does signify that we've got a pretty darn strong economy in the United States.
When I look at Canada, anything that's exposed to energy or natural resources is down. But beyond that and beyond the knock-on effect, Canada seems to be pretty okay.
New Zealand is strong. Australia is a bit weak again, based on the economic impact of energy and natural resources, but not drastically so. And again, we're not that exposed to those industries.
So I can look around and go, where we are playing we tend to be in a pretty good spot. And the United States seems like it's okay.

Sure. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We are really excited about what we accomplished in 2015 and we are optimistic for 2016. Have a great day.

Sure. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We are really excited about what we accomplished in 2015 and we are optimistic for 2016. Have a great day.