From a capital expenditure perspective, as we said on March 22, we're expecting $70 million to $95 million of capital expenditures in 2016, and we still expect to be within that range.

Thanks, Louise. From a price/volume perspective for the quarter, as we reported in our MD&amp;A, volume accounted for about 37.4% of the growth. Obviously, the remainder, price, so a little over 60%.

From a -- timing will always affect things. I would say we -- from a plan perspective, we did plan for Q1 to be our lowest cash flow from operations quarter. So we would expect it to pick up, obviously, moving forward, but no choppiness out of the ordinary.

No, and Greg, it's not really a target. It's math, right? So it's the EBIT -- adjusted EBITDA that we're expecting, and the cash balance at the end of the year. So not necessarily a target, just in line with our current guidance. We don't anticipate any more pay-downs of the term loan. Obviously, the convert note will be -- is due on June 1, so in a couple weeks here. And that will -- we'll settle that with shares, and that debt will disappear from our balance sheet.

From a non-GAAP perspective, I've stopped the practice of giving a full non-GAAP P&amp;L. It's just not appropriate, from an SEC reporting perspective. We do give all the -- we do provide all of the non-GAAP adjustments to both EBITDA and earnings per share. And for the most part, it's -- I think it should be pretty straightforward on which line item those belong in the P&amp;L. Of course, as we move forward, we can -- when we're -- we can provide more guidance with that. But I think for the most part, it's pretty straightforward.

And the generic filing strategy?

From a tax rate perspective, speaking a bit out of turn here, but I don't see significant opportunities. So last year, we ended up with a 35% rate. This year, we're projecting 37%. I think a 35% rate right now, given where we do business and the structures available to us, is maybe not a bad long-term target. But again, more work to come on that. I haven't done a lot this last week, as it relates to the tax rate.
And then in terms of where -- how that might impact acquisitions, I suppose there will be some financial engineering that we could maybe avail ourselves of. But really -- don't really think -- I think we can compete both in terms of international and domestic acquisitions, regardless of tax rate, as long as they make strategic sense for us to look at. So obviously, the more business that we can do internationally, that will just, I think, naturally help the tax rate. So we'll see what comes across the [transom] and what we can identify.

No, it's a bottoms-up, product-by-product approach.

From a buyback perspective, I can't really project on when we'll execute the first buyback or how smooth or lumpy that might be over the time horizon. I guess I would say I'm fairly comfortable with current cash balances.
Back in February we had $350 million of cash balances, and we used a portion of that to repay debt. So that kind of level, we probably have excess cash. And if we feel that is large enough, and we don't see anything on the near-term horizon, then I would look to the authorization. But other than that, it's going to be completely opportunistic.
From a receivable perspective, you know, we are at the -- we are greatly impacted, obviously, by the big three wholesalers and the timing of how they administer their credit memos and the like. So we were in a favorable track a year ago. We have kind of normalized this year. If you look at our DSO at the end of June 30, it's actually at a fairly normal level. So I don't expect a lot of pressure from that going forward; but again, there's some things that are outside of our control as they process their invoices.

Yes, Randall, this is Duane. I mean, really, the confidence in the upper end is -- actually more stems from ephedrine. So we were -- the competition that we were expecting is slightly slower to materialize, but we still expect it. But that's the confidence in the upper end.

David, this is Duane. I think I'll -- I guess I'll let Raj talk to the acquisition opportunities, but from a stock repurchase perspective, not really a change in focus. Simply the acquisition opportunities are certainly lumpy. And so we'll look at them all the time, but those things that we'll transact really can't be predicted.
In the meantime, there's no -- as cash balances grow, we need an avenue in place to return that cash to shareholders. Our leverage ratios are low, so don't feel the need to pay down any debt, certainly. And so the authorization is simply put in place so that in those times where we find ourselves with more cash than we need, that we can use that as a vehicle.

Sumant, on the cash flow question, I would say -- I mean, so, if you recall, in 2015 we generated $297 million of operating cash flow. In my remarks I said we are looking probably at $175 million to $200 million this year. So I guess from just a general direction perspective, our cash flow generation in 2015 was quite healthy, probably a little bit more healthy than normal. Some of that unwound in 2016. So I think this year is a little bit less than normal -- much of which has to do with the way cash tax payments are working out. So on a going basis, I would expect us to be in the $200 million to $250 million range, given our current size.

You did. You heard right.

So from a margin perspective, you're right on. Obviously ephedrine is a positive there. The products like fluticasone, progesterone that contributed in the second quarter offset that a bit. It's good top-line growth, but those are clearly lower margin products for us.
As it relates to the kind of the remainder of 2016, Raj alluded to the fact that that we believe margins will be pretty stable Companywide. So right now, the pricing on ephedrine we expect to hold for the near term. Obviously, that may change going forward. But for the balance of the year, that's how we are comfortable with our margin range.

How many of the ten are limited competition?

With respect to accounts receivable. In the non-pharma world accounts receivable are always the dynamic of timing of collections and invoicing is always an impact. And then that impact gets accentuated in our world where gross to nets also impact it. So like I said, charge backs and rebates are processed quicker than we get collected and we have collections on the gross accounts receivable. And so given the increase in charge backs and rebates that we're experiencing based on larger volumes of the products that Raj alluded to (inaudible), the quarter-end balance or any period end balance is really a slave to the timing of those.
So we have bigger charge backs, we have bigger rebates and depending on the timing of the invoicing it can impact that. So I don't expect the trends to continue, but we obviously will continue to market and sell those products so timing can change. I think the important thing to note is that the quality of our AR probably has actually never been better. So past things are almost negligible. As it relates to the full year operating cash from operations forecast, I'm not changing our guidance from Q2.

There were other products where we took price changes whether up or down and when it's down we have shell stock adjustment costs that are incurred and when we take price up, then we have price protection penalty sometimes. So that amount is a combination of two of those and a portion of it relates to ephedrine.

Yes, David. You were cutting out so we missed probably half of your question.

From an overall debt capacity perspective for larger acquisition we have significant capacity to borrow and execute larger acquisitions should they become available.

Sorry. Yes. So in total we had a $4.8 million adjustment for stock compensation, $500,000 of that was in cost of sales and $4.1 million of it was in SG&amp;A and the remainder was in R&amp;D. So a small amount in R&amp;D.

I'll take the first one on gross margins. Really what's driving the reduction in gross margin from Q2 to Q3 is the cost related to the pricing actions. So we had shelf stock adjustments and price protection that really caused that decline. It was around 150 basis points. Absent that adjusted gross margin would have been between 61% and 62% and we would not expect that to continue in Q4.

Yes. On the price increase of ephedrine while the price increase was taken in August, the impact is somewhat muted. One, obviously just half of the quarter and then there were certain customers, certain large customers, where the price impact was delayed beyond that. So the impact from the price change in August was actually not that significant in Q3.

Yes, I think, if you look at our gross margin rate performance over the last five years, we've been as high as we were in 2015; we've been in the low 50s% as well. So, going forward, absent kind of market events like we saw with ephedrine, yes, I would say mid to high 50% is probably a good baseline to think about.

This is Duane. I think -- I'm not really going to get into quarterly guidance, but as it relates to the trend, I mentioned, with new products, that the impact of that is going to be more back-end loaded. From an ephedrine perspective, obviously the third entrant into that market is recently new. So, yes, ephedrine will follow that trajectory throughout -- essentially throughout the quarter, second quarter.

Correct.

As it relates to kind of the full year, I would expect revenue generated in the back half to be slightly more than revenue generated in the first half.

Okay. I'll see if I can remember all of the questions. As it relates to -- yes, so what we've experienced thus far in 2017 is I think definitely we had massive working capital investment in 2016, both in terms of changes in income tax payments and our net Accounts Receivable experience. So, I would say what's happening now is not necessarily a correction, but a return to normal. Particularly, what's driving that is some of our WACC price changes that we took in late 2016.
I would say, as it relates to the relationship between operating cash flow in 2017 and adjusted EBITDA, 2017's expected ratio is kind of much more normalized than what we saw in either 2015 or 2016.
And then as it relates to the costs in Q4, yes, so the aforementioned WACC prices come with a cost and that was in -- the shelf stock adjustments were incurred in the fourth quarter. And then the customer claims is that can be lumpy but all of our customers will do audits of all of the transactions that have taken place over a certain period of time. And if differences are seen and agreed to, then we true that up at that point.

The vintage.

It's an NDA. I'm sorry, ANDA.

It's all related to the relationship of our gross -- the gross price, which is typically around WACC, versus the net price that we actually collect from the customer. For fluticasone, there was a very large difference there. So, the WACC price, the price that we actually net is significantly below the gross. And because of that, that creates the ability -- that creates big chargebacks. And our customers that buy fluticasone from us are able to take those chargebacks almost immediately upon when they receive the product and apply that against any receivable balance that we have. So as that -- when we reduce the WACC like we did in December, that reduces the amount of chargebacks that they have available to apply against our receivable balance, and therefore allows us to collect cash, net cash, quicker.

For more net cash, I should say.

Yes. So, you are right. Ephedrine did decline quarter-on-quarter. I would say the vast majority of our portfolio saw increases. There's no one big increase to call out, just kind of overall good performance outside of what we saw with ephedrine, and then continued pressure on lidocaine and clobetasol. But no big driver that offset that. It's nice, broad increases.

On the R&amp;D front, I'd say our aspiration is to be in that percentage. For 2016, obviously we missed that mark. A lot of that had to do with we had rapid growth in our net sales and we were unable to grow R&amp;D and hire the people necessary commensurately. That percentage is increasing in 2017. Right now, the increase is modest, but, again, driven by increasing the talent base in R&amp;D. So as we take on more people and get more projects in, then I think then we will start to get closer to that aspiration. But again, that's more of a long-term aspiration than it is short to intermediate term.

My commentary about not exceeding 10%, there's going to be -- for the first quarter, I would expect ephedrine to be over 10% of the sales. And as we go forward in the year, with the impact of the new competitive landscape along with new product launches that we are intending, by the end of the year, it will be less than 10% of our overall and, for the year, kind of the average would be around that number is our guess.

Yes, thanks, Gregg. I guess, we're working through our longer-term plan now in terms of looking at our overall operation, looking at the overall P&amp;L, looking at our capital structure. And we'll come back to in due course with kind of our outlook and the plans that we'll put in place and the actions it'll take to execute those plans. From a remediation perspective, as I mentioned, it gets a little bit confusing when you talk cash versus expense. But for 2019, I mentioned that we plan to spend -- well, we plan to expense about $40 million related to our remediation activities and the FDA -- I'm sorry, the data integrity investigation. That should -- as far as we know, should basically complete everything that we intend to complete at this point. And again, it's more front-end loaded. So as Doug alluded to, our -- all of our facilities are up and running and producing. Decatur is pretty much there, although they're going through the remediation of all the FDA commitments that we have. Somerset still in ramp-up phase and the like. So I can't necessarily guide to the shape of the quarters any more than I've already alluded to, but I would expect at some point during 2019 to be back to stability.

Yes. So Elliot, I think you're -- at least in the first couple quarters, you're -- I think you're thinking right. We had -- in the adjusted EBITDA schedule in the press release, we call out both the failure to supply numbers that Doug just alluded to as well as FDA compliance-related expenses. Now those numbers are included -- I don't adjust those out for adjusted purposes, but we're highlighting what's in the numbers. The data integrity items, I do call out and do adjust out. But yes, I think if you kind of take all that into account, we are cash flow breakeven right now. And I don't expect that -- I kind of expect fourth quarter to be the low watermark at this stage knowing what we know. But we still have some significant activity to take care of in the first half of the year. So that's probably the right way to think about it.

Yes, and with respect to our term loan, I guess, a couple of things. As we -- our debtholders are very important stakeholders to us. And as part of that, we've hired operational and financial and legal advisers as we look at our long-term plan. We're still a couple -- more than a couple years away from the maturity of the term loan B. And I guess, as we look forward to that, we are engaging our advisers, taking a look at the long-term plan, developing it and then gaining a better understanding of what our go-forward capital structure is. And once we have kind of more insight for that, we'll communicate that to the outside, but highly engaged with them. From a covenant perspective, it's essentially covenant free. So no financial covenants as it relates to the term loan B.

One clarification, when Doug alluded to the half, he meant Amityville and CMOs together are about half.