Sure, Noah. So it's actually quite encouraging. The inquiry level on the product and the sort of related demand that it's been generating has continued to grow, which is actually a little bit surprising given that -- the PR coverage of it obviously dropped off after CES and then will pick up again after we launch our product.
I'm going to pass it over to Jeff, who can talk about some of the numbers that we been seeing in both pre-registrations and product developer request.

Yes, Pete, so this is Andy. We are working with distribution partners on two fronts. One, on the master distributor side, and two, on the retail side. And both of those are progressing very nicely. We are at a phase right now -- we can't talk about who they are, but safe to say that when the product is complete from a production, testing, and certification place, we're confident that we're going to have meaningful retail channels in place. We're also going to be opening up an e-commerce portal for the product on the FLIR.com website so people can buy it direct from the Company as well.

It will actually be -- there won't be on day one. On day one it will be e-commerce only direct through the FLIR channel and then shortly thereafter, retail channels will come online.

Sure. Well, certainly something that's on our radar screen and it's an issue that we will have to deal with in terms of our production planning. The reality is is that anybody who's making an accessory for Apple products deals with this problem. And the switchover doesn't happen as fast as you might think because people -- they do continue to sell the previous model. And we'll act quickly to respond to what the new hardware is that does come on the market.

I'm not sure how to define notably, Tim. If you look at Q1 -- if you break it into the corporate piece and the segment piece, segment OpEx was actually down a little bit from Q1 of last year. So, in that respect, we're in pretty good shape. We'll certainly see benefits associated with the restructuring for the second half of the year.
Not sure I want to tell you that that's going to ultimately, for that second half of the year, drive segment OpEx down. But it will certainly mitigate any increase.
With respect to corporate, the increase in corporate spending is really what drove the delta in total OpEx for the quarter and that was almost entirely driven by legal. I mentioned that we had settled a couple cases in Q1. That should help fairly meaningfully going forward.
We've also entered into some agreements that I think will mitigate the ongoing costs of some other litigation that we have. But you will see corporate expenses be meaningfully higher than they were last year. And you can see the data on that -- when we file our Qs, you can see our corporate expenses broken out separately in the other lines. So you'll get a little bit of visibility to what's happening at the segment level on OpEx versus at the corporate level.

Tim, you also asked about what's the follow-on product cadence look like for Lepton-enabled products and we have launched the first of a series of products that will be Lepton-based products that will come out in 2014. Tom talked about that in his prepared remarks. And that's a product called the mini bullet which is a $499 thermal camera in a weatherized enclosure design for security applications that's both analog and IP connectivity. And we have several other products that will get launched later in the year in the various segments of the business.
So we're pretty excited about the prospect that those products bring to the market because they will create new categories of product and I don't think it presents a cannibalization risk to the existing business.

Sure, Peter. Well, if you look inside the data, actually both Lorex and FLIR-branded professional grade visible cameras did very well during the quarter. So the mission that we have set out to accomplish with the acquisition of Lorex and the conversion of Lorex's pro brands under the FLIR brand is executing well and culminating with the launch of these 30 products that we launched at ISC West to round out the line. So we're in good shape on that side of it.
The other side of the business is the thermal side of the business and there's two dynamics going on there. Number one is that business is just lumpy. It's just the reality of that business, and I think we'll see that as the data comes in throughout the year that we're going to see ups and downs in that business related to some major infrastructure programs that we're working on.
The second thing is is that we have augmented the thermal side of the business with lower cost products, both on the Lepton base side, which I spoke about a moment ago, and then also for our higher resolution QVGA and VGA thermal products. And we expect the new price points and the IP connectivity feature set that comes from those new products will drive higher adoption rates. In general, I'm feeling very good about the security business going forward.

It's going well. As I mentioned during the Investor Day, that we expect that the adoption cycle is going to have a fairly long time related to it. It takes nine to 12 months for somebody to integrate a product into an end solution. With that said, the number of requests that are coming into our OEM team for Lepton are really high. And we're in a motive of really filtering those to go after what we feel are the highest value-add and long-term potential ones.
We've already received our first major order during the quarter for a Lepton customer that's going into a UAV, and we'll be shipping units into that into Q2. So we think the promise there is good but I think the really high-volume applications, they are going to have a longer gestation period because we're dealing with people that have not historically dealt with thermal cameras and need to do product integration and some market evaluation.

Well, the comps for the government business get easier quarter on quarter as we move through the (inaudible) here obviously, Jim. We've got -- we're doing okay on the backlog front. Bookings held up reasonably well in Q1. I think we feel pretty good about where it's going to play out over the next couple of quarters.
The -- it's more in the second half of the year where the comps get meaningfully easier. Q2 of last year was a reasonably good quarter as well. So from the -- I don't want to necessarily get into how that specific business is going to perform in Q2 versus last year, but it's more toward the second half of the year where you start to see things improve meaningfully both in terms -- primarily really there in terms of margin but also in terms of revenue.

Q1 and Q2 are the strong quarters, then it tapers off. Q3 is the lull, Q4 is starting to be the bounce back. As you can imagine, it's an outdoor activity and therefore, that's what that seasonality is.
Q2 will be a strong quarter. In terms of the business overall, we are happy with the progress we're seeing. When you look across the product lines, we have seen strength in the MFDs but it's in other associated or attached product. We're seeing strength in the auto pilots with the new evolution, we are seeing strength in our sonar or fish lining and sonar products with the introduction of down vision and our CHIRP technologies.
So it's pretty broad that we're seeing a nice uptick. Now that market doesn't move in rapid swings. There's a slower adoption cycle, but I would say the trend is -- it's a positive one and we're happy with it.

Sure, Michael. Well, one issue is is that the volume products that we have launched to date and that we have in the product pipeline support very good gross margins, so at this point, this really isn't an issue for us. I think that the thing that we've got to navigate through is is how we support a higher level of spending on the marketing front.
I think it will be quite some time before someone is capable of knocking off a FLIR ONE-type product as the technology is fairly unique there. And the Lepton core took quite a long time to develop and has a very significant amount of intellectual property in it. So I think that we're going to have quite some runway ahead of us with those products.
The other thing that I'll mention is as one of the key pillars of our strategy that we outlined during the investor call is control the corners concept. And that means that we're going to continue to be active in the very high end market. That's not a space that we are walking away from, by any stretch of the imagination.
In fact, we continue to make significant investments there and right from the read-out integrated circuit and detector level right up through the system level and we'll have product launches in the coming months in that upper corner as well. So I think that blended model of having both the high-end product and low-end product is a good platform from which we can maintain the kind of financial model that we've had.

There's two issues. First the segmentation is to appropriately segment our products, both from product feature positioning and an application point solution capability with our products. And that's something that I think that we've been pretty good at, and it's something that we're focusing on more so going forward so, you will see more products that are specifically targeted at specific markets. And within those, have a value ladder that we're capable of upselling to.
We have seen in this market a very good ability to upsell the products, particularly in the industrial markets. When people buy a low-end product and become a thermographer, it's fairly common that they, over time, budget for higher end capability, as they find this technology works well and they want more capability (technical difficulty) instruments that they're using.

APAC down 15% in total. Yes, that was revenue.

Jonathan, were you talking specifically about cores or more broadly than that?

The cores and instruments?

That will just be --

So two things there. The business did well in Q1. Tom talked about the increases in revenues there -- I think it was low 20s -- yes, low 20s for Lorex and high teens for the professional brand under the FLIR brand. So both of those segments did well during the quarter.
I think that's going to be further bolstered by the product introductions that were mentioned. We introduced 30 new products at ISC West. Many of those were focused at the FLIR professional brand both on the visible and thermal side. So having a broader product offering, having megapixel cameras, having cameras with IP connectivity are all going to enable growth in that market.
We also launched under both the Lorex and FLIR pro brands a new technology that we call MPX, which gives you the ability to have high-definition cameras connected via conventional coax cables and it also allows you to transmit two-way audio and pan tilt zoom control signals over a single coax wire. That opens up a nice upgrade market for us as many of the home and small business markets already have wiring installed in the walls in its analog coax wire and this gives you fundamentally, the ability to move to the capabilities of the digital system using existing analog cable.

I'll answer the last question -- actually, let me come back to the last question. I just want to do a couple things with some numbers here before I answer that piece.

Grabbed the transition. They ordered as many as they could under the low rate initial production and therefore, as we migrate to full rate production, that order that's been released is a fairly large volume and it's over about an eight-year time frame. So the amount of orders that will be placed in the timing of those over that is still the open issue.

Well, I'll answer the second question first. I think that we are not going to be production-constrained on this unless we have a much higher response then we're thinking about. I don't think we'll have a production constraint issue. We are producing Leptons at reasonable volume at this point, and the assembly line for FLIR ONEs is coming up the schedule.
Going back to the first -- the first question that you asked, it's really a function of two things. Number one is what kind of conversion rate do we get out of these pre-registrations? We have some anecdotal data on that because we did the same thing with the ThermoSight RS, which is the -- it's a thermal weapon site for recreational nongame hunters that we launched and so we have some data in terms of an understanding of the kind of conversion rate that we saw in that because we did a pre-registrations situation there as well.
But we're not sure how that's going to convert to more of a consumer curiosity-oriented product like the FLIR ONE. So at this point, I wish I could give you a better answer than that. But we'll really have to see how things play out and what kind of interest we get from the second wave of PR that will come once we start shipping the units.

That's correct.

We will take one more question, operator.

Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. As I'd mentioned earlier, the quarter executed very much in line with what we planned. We saw nice strong bookings in the quarter, particularly in our commercial sectors and we probably got a little bit more work to do on the expense side and we will see that improve as the efforts of our restructuring manifest themselves later in the year.
We are very focused on executing on the new product development plans that we have in place on FLIR ONE and new Lepton-enabled products and we very much look forward to getting those products launched in seeing how they perform in the market.
And last, I'd like to welcome Travis to the management team and Kathy Stauffer and Kathy Halligan to our Board of Directors, and all three of these individuals really bolster us from a management capability in terms of building knowledge in an area that we're headed into which will require more marketing intelligence and brand building capability.
So with that, I'll thank you all and say goodbye.

Pete, this is Andy. I will just add one other thing. We did see nice growth in the backlog, so we'll be executing on that backlog in the second half. The order flow for the second half looks pretty good at this point. We are not fully back to historical levels, but the pipeline looks pretty strong.
As Tom indicated, the early weeks of the quarter here have executed pretty well. At this point, we're feeling okay about what the order prospect looks like

Pete, I don't want to go into specific unit volumes. That is something that we have never done at the Company: talk about order unit volumes at a single product level. We did open up the order site for pre-orders the day before yesterday, and then yesterday was the first day that we took orders from the general public. We've had a good response thus far, but it's really too early to tell. 48 hours' worth of data, and particularly at this point, we're only taking orders from the US markets -- it's really too early to call a trend on this.

Tim, this is Andy. I will add one other thing to that, that we expect to start to see order flow from some of the new products that we developed in the last 12 months in the surveillance space. There are three in particular that we will see order flow most likely from US customers in the second half, and that is our 380-HDc, which is our new compact high-performance gimbal. Our SeaFLIR 280, which is the product that was sold into the US Coast Guard PB-EOS program -- we delivered the first couple of those units, but we expect to see a follow-on order for that product in H2. Then also, our Recon V, which was a product that we've just launched, a really terrific product in terms of its execution on the size, weight, power reduction front. We expect that we will start to see some US-based orders for those products in the second half.

Mike, this is Andy. I'll just add one other thing to it. If you look at the iPhone 5, 5s install base, it's huge. Our penetration into that could be very small and we would still have an extremely successful product.
The other interesting thing about it is, is that the FLIR ONE, of course, is still useful even if somebody moves to a different platform. The product, of course, can still use the predecessor hardware without a SIM card activated; it's still a functional product. We think that it's got a lot of legs with the existing platform. Then, as Jeff says, we will evaluate both our experience set and what the new platforms look like in terms of forming the path forward.

I think it depends on the segment, Paul. If you look at our instruments business, for example, it's a fairly predictable business. Also, if you look at our security business, it's growing quite nicely right now. We've got a lot going on there in terms of new product introductions, channel development, and so forth. I expect those two businesses to continue to execute on the path that they have been so far this year.
The businesses that get a little bit more lumpy, of course, are the ones that have a government back end to them or a government customer base, so, surveillance, detection, and to some extent the OEM business. Those are a little bit harder to predict. OEM has done well this year, and we've had pretty good visibility into what our OEM core customers' demand looks like. So I expect it to continue on a nice path for the second half of the year.
Maritime is a business that's very seasonal. Again, it's one that we understand. The seasonality of that business is quite well understood at this point, and has been modeled into the second half of the year. The second half of the year for the maritime businesses tends to be softer than the first half of the year.

Probably the biggest input piece on it is, is what happens with leading edge of the Business -- the book and bill component for the various businesses. We've tried to take a objective and very measured look at what the book and bill requirements are for the second half of the year based on the experience that we've seen over the last 12 months. That results with a model that puts us within the guidance.
The biggest wild card in that continues to be the government-funded customer portion of the Business. I would say that the commercial businesses should execute to plan, then, if anything, there may be some upside in those businesses.

Yair, most of our products that go into Russia, that are controlled products, are in our OEM group. They tend to be products that are non-ITAR controlled -- that are produced in Sweden. We don't sell a lot of surveillance product direct into Russia. So again, it's primarily focused in the OEM segment.

Yair, this is Andy again. The one other variable that affects security margins is what the content of thermal is in the overall profile. We had a pretty strong content in Q2. We expect that to continue. We've got new products that are being launched in the thermal space that will come out in the second half of the year. That's a key tenet towards our overall margin improvement in the security business, is a deeper penetration with thermal technology into the customer base and distribution base that we've established there.

We haven't. It's not shipping yet, so, no, it's too early to tell.

Sure. Steve Williams was within our Organization. He is a demonstrated performer. He formerly was in the rest-of-world business for the surveillance. He's now in the top position. He's very disciplined. His execution is extraordinary.
I think that what he will be focusing more is a deeper engagement earlier with some of the program offices to make sure that we are aligned with where our customers are going on their needs. He's also restructured some of the staff, assigning people to those that align the Organization with that goal.

At this point, we, obviously, don't want to disclose specifically what we're doing from a product standpoint, Jonathan. The focus will be new categories within existing segments.

That's a great question, Peter. The interesting thing is that, in many cases, the types of customers that we're dealing with are different than historically what we have dealt with. We're seeing more consumer- and industrial-oriented customers that have an interest in Lepton. I think that the development cycle of those customers is going to be perhaps longer than what we've seen historically, but that the long-term potential is greater.
Very early interest was particularly strong in the UAV space, so we've engaged with several manufacturers that are manufacturing small, light-weight UAVs that fundamentally there is no other alternative out there for them today than Lepton. We also think that there are a number of new opportunities that are being pursued right now in industrial automation and in some home intelligence products. Those are markets that are new that wouldn't have necessarily been attainable using our previous Quark and Tau cores.

It's been quite steady. The cores group has been quite busy, and the level of engagement has been steady. As I mentioned in the prepared comments, we've started shipping units at this point. So we've got two or three OEMs that are already now receiving shipments of product.

Yes, so we are taking some actions. They're specifically in the functional area, but we will also be looking at production operations to make sure we improve the operating margin sequentially through this year and going forward.

There are a number of different opportunities that we are pursuing with Lepton. We believe that Lepton has sockets within each of the segments that we have in our Business today. Again, I don't want to go into specific products that we're working on, but fundamentally the fact that it is a thermal imager that has both night vision thermal imaging capabilities, high sensitivity and temperature measurement capabilities, fundamentally lends it to any of the markets that we're in today where we are offering thermal imaging technology. It fundamentally creates a new category of product that can have a considerably lower selling point, and also a reduced feature set.
We believe that each of our markets has an opportunity for that type of product. As we've mentioned a couple of times already on this call, during the second half of the year we will bring products to market that will underscore what we're thinking here.

Yes, it will be skewed more towards Q4. Yes.

I don't expect that you would see a meaningful difference in the way we execute in Q4 relative to historical levels.

Brad, I'll add one other point to that. If you look at our security business, there are three legs to the stool. There's the Lorex consumer DIY space. There's the FLIR-branded professional integrator class of visible product, and then there is the FLIR thermal. The latter is probably the most lumpy, the FLIR thermal business. As we expand that more deeply into commercial and industrial channels, I think it's taking some of the noise out of the volatility in that market.
The thing, frankly, that I'm most pleased about is how well that middle segment is doing, the FLIR-branded professional-grade visible products. It's growing at about the same rate that the DIY market is in the high-20% range. I'm very pleased to see that, frankly, because that is a very competitive space, and it's a space were there's some very strong brands in that space. To see the FLIR brand getting traction in that space is a very positive thing for us. Also, from an offering standpoint, it really strengthens our position because it allows our salespeople and it allows our integrator partners to go in with a complete solution of both visible and thermal products to address the specific customer need.

Operator, we will take one more question.

Great. Good, well, I'd like to thank everybody for joining the call today. Again, we continue to be focused on executing against the restructuring and realignment that we've put in place, leveraging the new technologies that we've introduced to the market, and improving our marketing communications as we develop in new markets for our products. We're looking forward to the second half, and we will see you after Q3. Thank you.

Thanks Pete.

Well, a couple things on that, Pete. First is that we did see good order flow in Q3, so more typical to what we would expect to see in a Q3 from a seasonality standpoint. I would say that that is what we are expecting for Q4 as well. What I mean by that is more typical sort of from a seasonal basis orders in Q4. So it would be similar to what we saw in Q4 of last year.
I think at this point we are in a position that we can call a bottom on this. There is still a fair amount of uncertainty in terms of funding availability where we have seen strength in the Middle East region, which has been a trend that we've seen over the last several quarters, but we are also seeing a little bit of weakness in the European region.
So -- and I would say that the US DOD environment continues to be one that we are concerned about in terms of its predictability.

Sure, Pete. I will mention a couple things and I will flip it over to Tom for a couple comments as well. Lorex, the -- in the Security segment, as you mentioned, we have got a three segment approach to that market. And that is the Lorex brand for consumer, the FLIR brand for professional video and integrator class of product and then the FLIR thermal products. And all three of those cylinders are firing well at this point.
It is fueled by good demand so we've got a good product offering and value proposition there. It is fueled by new product development so we have been -- had a fairly rich cadence of new product development there. And then we've also been building out our distribution strategy fairly aggressively there.
We saw good growth in the first three quarters of the year. I think it'll probably cool off a little bit in Q4 based on our current forecast, but overall we will see figure finish quite strong. Tom, you want to add any comments to that?

Yes, Pete, just one clarification. That will come out under the FLIR brand. So we don't yet have a defined date when you will see thermal products under the Lorex brand.

Well, there is -- some of your last statement in there is correct. But I would say two things. I don't think that we can clearly see the end effects of sequestration here, that is not what we are hearing from our customers. I think that they are increasingly concerned about it having an increasing impact in 2015 and in 2016 as the full effects of sequestration roll in.
The second issue is our conservatism and I would say some level of concern in this space is also based on just trends that we are seeing in the marketplace which are programs that get delayed and the lack of new program starts involving ISR technology.
Generally we still feel that the equipment feeding into the ISR space has got a good future in terms of its futility. It is a great force multiplying technology and, as I've stated many times before on these calls, we very much believe in the concept of fielding equals funding. And FLIR technology was extensively fielded in the most recent conflicts. But that has yet to drive defined and funded programs of record that we see increasing our revenue in the near future.

Yes, if we just look at it as a percentage of revenue, is that what you are asking, Noah?

Yes, but we had two things going on there. We had the rate program at its peak in terms of revenues, number one. And then on the other side, there was some economic downturn drag on the commercial businesses at that time.

Well, at this point we are certainly a bit concerned about what the trends are going forward in the European market. We haven't yet seen any meaningful effect from that. I would say that Q3 executed within our expectations on the commercial side of our business for Europe. But we are a bit concerned about what we might see in Q4.

No. No, we haven't.

You're talking about the commercial businesses there.

Well, I will start with that, Tim, this is Andy. In terms of sales volumes for FLIR One, we don't want to talk about specific volumes. But I would say that the sales of the product to date have been within our expectations. The channel development of the product has been going well. We've seen very good sales of the product online through the FLIR.com channel and through the Apple channels that we have.
And at this point the product has only been available from a geographic standpoint largely in the US, and then we just recently brought a couple of channels on in Europe and we will continue that geographic deployment in Q4.
The other issue though with FLIR One has been its exposure from a brand standpoint which has been quite successful. And I will actually pass it over to Travis to talk about that.
But then you brought up one other thing, before I pass it over to Travis, which is the issue of breakeven and that is not an issue. I mean we are well through breakeven on the product right now. Financially it has been very successful. So, Travis, why don't you talk a little bit about the exposure metrics that we have seen on the product?

So two aspects to the roadmap. One is the market development and we continue to develop new OEM partners for the Lepton product. And there is, as we have mentioned on previous calls, a fairly long time cycle related to that in terms of their integration of the product into their end systems and bringing those to market. But we have got several vectors that we are pursuing there and the interest continues to be quite high on the Lepton product.
The second area is with regard to product development and we also have mentioned this previously, but I will underscore it. That Lepton is the first product to come out in that family of product utilizing the core technologies that we've developed to enable that low-cost core. And we will have subsequent introductions around that product line in 2015.
At this point we have got Lepton available in a couple of different variants with different wafer level optic configurations offering different fields of view that allow the product to be fielded in different applications. And a couple of those we're using ourselves right now in our security and automation based products.

Well, I think that the growth that we saw in OEM &amp; Emerging came from each of the segments within there. We saw -- but there was no real standout in OEM. Tom?

Yes.

That is perfect. That is exactly the issue. The international deliveries have more risk associated with them than the US deliveries and that's what gives us the range of revenue.

Well, so, given what we are seeing going on in Europe right now, it is an area of concern for us in terms of growth. But that said, we saw better growth than we expected in the US market in Q3 and we also saw good growth coming out of APAC. So at this point we have factored that into our plans for Q4. We are not expecting to see growth in the European market in Q4, but we do expect to see continued growth in the US market.
We combine -- as we look at the businesses we combine the Middle East together with Europe. So we get a little bit of offset from the Middle East region as we look at EMEA in total where we are continuing to see growth. But we are being I think appropriately cautious about what we expect to see in Europe in Q4.

APAC had a good quarter in Q3. At this point in coming back from our sales forces, they are a bit more conservative about Q4. And that we've also rolled into our plans at this point.

Yes, yes.

Each quarter we will spend --.

Well, as you mentioned, there are two products that we are talking about here. First is the TG165 and the purpose of that product is to fill the gap in in between a spot temperature gun and a full-featured thermal imager. So this is a new category for us and a new segment that we are addressing.
The initial orders for the product have been quite strong, but largely that has been channel fill. So at this point I think it is too early for us to really understand what adoption rates are going to be. But the distribution channel really likes the product, so I would say in terms of a ramp of initial volume it is one of the highest that we've ever seen in the Instruments segment.
The second one is the AX8 which is a new low-cost product for automation and pre-emergent fire detection applications. And this is an application that we've seen availability in that application for about a decade now and Lepton really enables a price point that we believe could spark considerable demand in that space.
We haven't started shipping that product yet. We will start shipping it later in Q4. I don't expect that we're going to see strong results from that product in 2014. It will really be a 2015 product. It will be largely channel fill on some initial market development of that product this year.
Given that it is an automation machine vision product, in some of the applications in manufacturing it will require a system integrator involved in the loop to develop the complete closed loop solution for it. However, we also see applications for this product in data server rooms, engining room monitoring, other equipment monitoring where it can be used as a standalone product with the basic built-in analytics capabilities that are in the product today.

Well, Jonathan, I think you have hit on the two points. We haven't seen strong growth in the higher end products, there has been slow growth there. And we do have some new product introductions that are coming in that space that we feel will stimulate some additional demand both on a replacement cycle. And as those people who have bought the lower end products upgrade to higher end capability because we have seen that historically as well.
The other issue is that we do believe that these markets are still very thinly penetrated and that the overall awareness building that we are doing, both through the deployment of these low end products directly in the market and through brand building in adjacent markets with products like FLIR One and in the Security space, that ultimately that will help drive demand to more of an inflection point in terms of revenue related to the volumes.

Just a tad less.

Yes, and I think it is important to keep it in context. The Q4 will really be the first quarter that we will be shipping Lepton product into our existing segments. Prior to that Lepton shipments have only been through FLIR One --.

Which is a new -- completely new category for us.

Sure, Jeff, I will mention three things here and then I will pass it over to Tom for some additional commentary. But three things come to mind right off the bat. Number one is our product breadth. FLIR is the only Company out of any of those that you mentioned that offers a complete suite of products using our control the corner strategy.
So we have everything from entry-level to the highest performance multi-sensor cooled product in the marketplace. So it is a one-stop shopping environment for an integrator.
The second issue is the features and functionality. We have led the industry in developing features for these products, features like our patented MSX, features like our MPX digital over co-ax capability, three in one camera signal capability that Tom alluded to earlier in his comments.
And then the third issue is the launch of the FLIR cloud, which is part of our ecosystem for that market, where we will have cloud-based analytics, storage and a recurring monthly revenue model for our users that -- given enhanced value in terms of both analytics and storage for our systems. Tom, anything else to add to that?

Sure, so -- I don't want to talk too much about our customers' customers, but we would expect -- this is again kind of a stair step growth that will be going on. And the next stair step will occur with 2016 models.
So for the first part of this next year we will see relatively stable volumes and then we would see another step up on the stairway as we -- not only this piece, but then as we look even farther forward for the next generation of technologies that will be deployed in multiple automobiles.

It was actually -- it was a very good quarter. And I think that if you look at kind of what drove the growth, it wasn't necessarily a pull forward. And typically Q3 and Q4 are both pretty soft quarters typically. And they are typically of similar size. It wasn't a pull forward.
It was some growth in the products. The MFD product line has done very well. The introduction and the expansion into the freshwater market has done very well for us, we're going to continue to pull on that lever. Our autopilot, which is the evolution that has won the award recently, the awareness of the performance of that product is getting out and that is a longer sales cycle type product in the awareness product.
And as that has gained traction we saw nice growth there as well. So this was not just a pull forward. I can't say that one order or two orders didn't get pulled one way or the other, but that is not what this was.

No, it's more like $6 million.

Build out in what particular market?

Oh, so a couple of things that are going on in that segment, Pete. One is that relative to the build out we launched about a year ago our -- the FLIR branded test and measurement line with -- I think initially we launched five products in that space. And during the most recent quarter I think there were five more products that were launched to help expand that line. And that is something that we will continue to do.
These are premium oriented products, these are products that are very rugged, very well designed, feature-rich and when compared with other products on the market from a high level specification standpoint they tend to -- they are very high performance products.
We consider the TG165 to be part of that line as well. So that will bring thermal imaging capability into that line as a new capability. And we just see it as a marketplace that has some opportunity for us and it is a good extension of our Instruments business to extend to that lower corner.
There are other test and measurement tools that would be benefited by the inclusion of thermal imaging that we will be looking at.

Well, we stated as part of our strategy and one of the six pillars of our strategy is this control the corners concept. And we spent a lot of time talking about the low end of the corner, which the Lepton core for fills. But, yes, we are also looking at the higher end as well.
There is certainly opportunity there when you get to the higher performance cores. Obviously we've got opportunity for higher price points, better performance, longer-range performance and the customer groups that we serve are interested in those features. So you will see introductions in that space in the coming year.

Operator, we will take one more call, please.

Great. Well, thank you, everyone. Again, we were pleased with the execution in Q3 and we continue -- we've got some work ahead of us for Q4, but at this point I'm very pleased with the way the management team has been executing and the way that it has been built out. And we will look forward to talking to you about our results after the new year. Thank you, everyone.

Yes, Jim, they will be shipping. So they are filtering into distribution right now, primarily a retail distribution channel for these new lower end products, but we are doing a retail fill right now.

Yes, I think it is probably mostly driven by timing, Peter. I think that there is going to be some effect from lower oil prices. But generally I think that the demand there is driven by requirements either from platforms that have been acquired or from just a regional instability driving some of the border demand in the region.

Yes, Pete, this is Andy. The segment continues to do well and it is really a combination of all of the things that you mentioned. We have expanded retail distribution under the Lorex brand. We have expanded our distribution into the professional enterprise and integrator space under the FLIR brand invisible spectrum.
And then the real star of Q4 frankly was the growth in thermal. And there -- that is driven by new product launches. So we have launched new products at somewhat lower price points and that has driven significant increases in volume.
And really for 2015 we expect that market to continue to grow quite nicely. And there we have got significant product launches that we have planned for announcement as well. Tom, maybe you could talk a little bit about some of the differentiation things too.

Yes, it will be.

Yes, Tim, one of the strategies that we have mentioned is that we feel that there is a home for Lepton in each of our segments within the business, or certainly within five of the six of the segments in the business would certainly be logical candidates for the utilization of the technology.
So we have R&amp;D efforts going on in each of the segments relative to Lepton product development. And I do expect that you will see more launches in 2015 than we had in 2014.
I am happy with the start that we had in 2014 tough with the products that we did develop and have launched in 2014 and we have already launched one here in 2015, the C2. And -- well actually two, the C2 and the second generation of FLIR ONE. The initial response to those two products has been quite good.

So, relative to Surveillance I don't think that we can necessarily call a bottom in the business yet. We were pleased with what we saw for bookings in Q4, but we still see it as somewhat of a volatile segment relative to demand. So I think we will have a better feel for that perhaps when we get through -- halfway through the year.
In terms of Europe, Europe was soft for us in Q4. And at this point we don't see much of an indication of that improving in the near-term, so we've certainly tempered our expectations relative to European revenues in our 2015 budget.

Sure, Jonathan, it is Andy again. Certainly the thing that we like about FLIR ONE in the consumer space is that we expect to see new applications come from the deployment of that product. And we have already seen that with the first generation of FLIR ONE. And the second generation opening up a significantly broader base of platforms that the product can operate with we think will also bring in new application.
So, I have to say from an excitement standpoint that is one that probably excites me the most just because it opens up a broad base of the potential for new applications to be discovered as we get user feedback on the product and as developers develop new applications for the product.
The other products in the consumer space, the other two that we launched, for example, at CES, the Dragonfly series in the Raymarine space, that is an existing application, the freshwater fishing market. But we think we bring a new level of functionality to that market which is going to drive growth.
The imaging performance of our down vision -- chirp down vision sonar is really pretty amazing. You hear a lot of people say it is like having a camera under the boat. So it's turning sonar data into visible imaging basically.
The other one is the C2. And while I wouldn't necessarily say this is a pure consumer product, it does have some transition into the consumer market. It's a product that has a consumer form factor, a consumer price point and we are targeting at primarily at the home inspection market. And we think that they could span everything from contractors to tradesmen to real estate professionals to low level home inspectors.
And I'm pretty excited about the form factor there as well. No one has built a thermal imager in this super slim format and it plays to the strength of Lepton and it plays to the strength of our MSX algorithm which really produce a very consumer friendly image on that product.

So, Saliq, I think our government percentage declined year-over-year slightly, and it was actually at a lowest point that we've seen since 2000. However, we have got a presidential budget proposal that is in that shows an increase, and certainly we like the sign of that. We will see what gets approved and where the specific spending gets approved. But at this point, we are being pretty conservative in terms of our assumptions and the change of the mix of our DOD revenue base.

So Lepton really is a completely different value proposition in terms of price and performance relative to our existing cores and components business. So I think we are really talking to a whole new class of customers there.
Some of the large automation companies, for example, have expressed a strong interest in integrating Lepton into process control application. We have also seen Lepton be very successful in the UAS UAV market. So I think there we will see nice growth in Lepton revenues in 2015.
As we've mentioned before on these calls, it is a fairly long sales cycle because you are dealing with an OEM component that has to get designed into a product and qualified and tested and then brought to market. But I am confident that we will see a nice increase in revenues coming from Lepton in 2015.

Sure, Pete, I will handle the first part of this and then I'm going to flip it over to Jeff to talk a little bit about what is different about FLIR ONE and what we are doing there.
Certainly the revenue expectations for FLIR ONE, the second-generation product, are meaningfully higher than we had with the first generation FLIR ONE. I still don't think it is going to be a huge needle mover for FLIR from a revenue standpoint.
The reality here is that FLIR ONE is a product that we have launched to drive revenue -- to drive awareness in the market and to seek out new applications for the product as well. It has performed very well in that regard in terms of the awareness building that has taken place.
And maybe after Jeff comments I can have Travis comment on that as well. But I think with that, Jeff, why don't you talk a little bit about some of the things that we are doing with the second-generation FLIR ONE?

Pete, I'm also going to have Travis just comment a little bit on awareness building because I mentioned that is really what this product was all about.

Well, so it is something we are going to be looking much more closely at in 2015. We just finished a rather extensive strategic portfolio review at the business and have identified the areas that we feel offer the strongest growth for the business. And I think that M&amp;A will become an important part of our strategy to augment those growth areas in the next year or two.

Great, thank you. So in closing I would like to thank the nearly 3,000 FLIR employees around the world for their thoughtful dedication and development during the year. We continue to have a significant opportunity ahead of us and I look forward to what 2015 will bring to the Company. Thank you all for joining the call. We will see you next quarter.

Yes, I would say that they are executing well and in line with our expectations and particularly on the new product front. We did launch several new products during Q1 and specifically those that were introduced in the Instruments space and in the Maritime space, both got good traction and in some cases beyond our expectations.
We saw particularly good reaction to the C2 product line and also to both the new sonar products and the new lower end entry-level point fishing and GPS products that were launched in the Raymarine line during the quarter.

So the US government revenue for the quarter I think was 15% actually and that was a low water mark for us relative to prior periods. It is a bit hard to predict at this point how US government spending is going to go. I would expect that it probably wouldn't go much lower than that at this point. But we won't really have to see how the first half plays out to understand what the full year is going to look like on that front.
European business for us was about flat I think for the quarter in the Surveillance segment. And at this point I think that we are going to see the majority of our growth probably come from other international regions to include the Middle East region as we execute the rest of the year.

I don't have a specific percentage. It is something we can get back to you on. But particularly on the uncooled side of that business we saw weaker demand during the quarter. From a revenue standpoint the deliveries of our higher end cooled systems were still on track with plan during the quarter.

Well, actually we mentioned in Surveillance there were some slips of some customer orders that we expected to capture in the quarter that, due to various reasons, slid into this quarter. So there was some inventory ready to ship for those orders that now will be shipping in this quarter. We also have a facility move that is occurring later in the year and we had some buildup of inventory to make sure we had adequate protection during that move.

Well, Tim, we certainly -- we look at that segment as having both a stable element and a growth element. So combined in the OEM segment is our emerging business segment, which includes the mobile business and also our traffic segment. And we view both of those businesses as growth businesses. And then we also look at our -- the Lepton core business as a growth business within that segment.
When you look at the other piece of the business relative to uncooled cores and cooled cores that are oriented towards government and military customers, that business tends to be a bit more lumpy, a little bit harder to forecast. So that is one that we will have to watch how its demand fluctuates based on what our end customers' demand looks like.
The third component of the business of course are our traditionally uncooled camera cores that are sold into more industrial type applications. These are people that are active in adjacent market spaces with us in Security and Maritime and we still view those as growth oriented businesses.

Well, I will start with the first question in terms of how many products that we have introduced. And not including the cores themselves, as we do have multiple variants of core technology using the Lepton sensor. But in terms of the end product development that we have done at this point there have been six products that have been launched since January of 2014 when we initially launched the first product which was the FLIR ONE.
I think what is important to note there are two things. Number one is that there are a number of different new markets and platform configurations that we can address using Lepton technology. And then the second thing is that step number one in terms of developing new products around Lepton is developing a platform to support it.
So in the case of our Instruments segment, for example, we have developed a platform that today there are two products out on the market that utilize that same core architecture. So once you have that platform core architecture developed it is -- the time to market to develop variant products based on that is reduced.
We are very excited about the technology. I would say particularly if you look at products that were launched just recently during the most recent quarter, the C2 and the TCX security camera. We are very excited about not only the unique form factor that those products have, but also the imaging performance and the overall value proposition that those offer into the target applications is quite unique.
So I think it offers a very nice opportunity for incremental growth in those segments. Tom, you want to add anything else to that?

It is a model year opportunity. So we will start shipping product into that platform in the latter part of 2015.

It's -- we don't typically talk about single product -- effects of single products on the overall top line of business. It is not going to be huge. I think the bigger opportunity there is to look at what the adoption is at the brand level and look for further expansion across multiple model lines within the brand there. This first product that they are offering is quite an exciting product, but it is not going to be earth shattering from a volume standpoint.

Okay, so I will start with the latter. At this point we are not factoring in further movement in currency rates, we are assuming that they will remain relatively stable as to where they are today.
In terms of levers for growth within the business, it really comes down to two different things. One is the continued introduction of new products, both in existing markets and in new markets. And we have seen the majority of the growth coming in the business coming from either the introduction of new products or the introduction of new products that address new market segments.
The second area is, and Travis I am sure will talk about it later on the call here, are our continued efforts that we are doing both in the marketing area and brand building area. The overall exposure of the Company from a product and brand standpoint has gone up exponentially versus a year ago. And ultimately we expect that that share gain in terms of awareness will manifest itself in product sales over the course of the rest of the year.

I will actually just cover the corporate piece first and then Tom can talk a little bit about the specific product mix piece. The biggest driver in corporate expense year over year for us is legal expense. And as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we have significantly less legal spending in the current year versus last year, so that is the primary driver in terms of corporate expense reduction.
The second issue relative to product mix, obviously one of the biggest drivers there is the thermal content within the various product lines. That is a significant contributor. But even within the thermal product lines, particularly and the Surveillance business, the type of product that we are shipping there drives what the overall margin looks like. Tom, you want to add some commentary?

There were de minimis sales of the FX in the prior quarter but nothing -- I mean it was --.

Into the channel.

Gavin, this is Andy. I would say that it is really dependent on the opportunities that we see in the pipeline. We have the capacity to do either an international deal or a US deal, based either on existing cash reserves or borrowing capability. So I think it is much more driven by the opportunity itself and in terms of how it fits with the strategic growth pattern of the business.

No, again, we look at the total opportunity set for the use of capital in making those decisions. It is likely that we will be more active on that front going forward. But during the quarter, we were just considering our cash balances relative to M&amp;A opportunities that we saw on the horizon and the relative valuation of the stock at the time, and made the decision not to do buybacks. But again, I think we will be more active on that front going forward.

It is. That is really what our expectation is. I think Q1 can, from a seasonality standpoint, typically is a lower growth quarter for us. Also, we saw particularly slow activity in the Middle East region, largely driven by low oil prices during the quarter. But we expect those conditions to improve as the year goes on.

Well, we have a number of opportunities that we are looking at. I can't really give you a direct quantification of it. The bigger issue here is looking at overall fit and valuation. And as you know at this point, the valuations that are out there are running pretty high at this point. So it really drives us back to that first point, that we really want to make sure that we've got a very good fit strategically and a very solid integration plan that we can get the value that we want to see out of acquisitions.

No, we did not collect on all of the receivables that are out there. So we still expect to have meaningful cash accretion during the second quarter.

Well, the pipeline has a broad spectrum of deals in it, both from valuation and in terms of the contribution to the business from a strategic standpoint. We have done a fair amount of M&amp;A activity historically to build out the vertical integration capability of the business. So you'll probably see less activity in that area.
But we still have significant opportunity in terms of expanding distribution of the markets that we are pursuing. We are also taking a look at some adjacent technologies as well that could fit well together with the core technologies in thermal imaging and some of the other sensing technologies that we have within the business.

Well, I will answer the -- while our finance folks are getting you an answer to the first question I will answer the second question. There are two issues here, Tim, relative to the adoption of thermal in the automotive space. And those two issues are present in many of the other markets that we operate in as well and that is price and awareness, fairly simple concepts.
We still haven't seen the end user price of the thermal imaging option come down meaningfully. And I think the thing that is going to bring that down is really going to be having the feature deployed across more models and starting to see that be more of a competitive point between different models.
We have reduced our cost fairly significantly in that area and as a result our priced to our suppliers. But the end manufacturers have held the prices relatively constant for the feature.
The second thing is relative to awareness. And I would think that your first point about the fact that the presence of cameras in a variety of different roles in vehicles increasing is a positive thing relative to the use of thermal imaging over the long-term. Just the fact that people see more cameras in cars performing roles of collision avoidance or navigation or lane departure warning, things like that.
What will happen is as the convergence of consumers wanting cameras in their cars comes together with the value proposition that thermal brings, the differentiated value proposition that it brings on many different fronts in those applications will ultimately drive adoption into that market.
The other thing is at this point we haven't seen adoption of the Lepton class product into the automotive space. But we see an opportunity there as well that many of these applications can be satisfied with a lower resolution sensor. That the vehicle driver actually never sees the data, but the data is being used in conjunction with a visible sensor to provide meaningful decision making capability.

Well, yes, Jeff, this is certainly an area of interest for us and we have in the past made acquisitions in that space. We made the Traficon acquisition a couple of years ago which gave us a platform for video analytics. And it is a key point for us -- is that to really enable the differentiating capabilities that thermal imaging has in the Security space you really need video analytics.
So we have been leveraging those development capabilities and they will manifest themselves in product launches that will occur later this year. But it is also an area where we can continue to expand and will likely have some focus in the M&amp;A world.

I don't have any specific trends to note in the APAC market. Fundamentally it was a fairly flat market over there. We have traditionally seen pretty good growth in the China market and that was subdued a little bit. We tend to launch the new products in our product pipeline slightly later in the APAC region.
And we just recently had a meeting over there where we were launching several new products that were launched in the other markets earlier in the quarter. So I would expect to see some response from that as we execute the second quarter.

Good. Well, I would like to thank you all for joining us on the call today. I also want to specifically recognize the continued hard work and dedication of the nearly 3,000 FLIR employees around the world. We will look forward to providing further updates on the business at our upcoming Investor Day meeting that I mentioned at the beginning of the call and then also at our conference call that will be scheduled after our Q2 earnings release. Thank you, everyone.

Sure, Peter. In Q2, we actually saw an uptick in US DoD orders. And we're also seeing some increased demand as a result of some urgent needs requirement requests that we're seeing coming through from the US DoD side. I would say that that, added together with continued unrest that we see, particularly in the Middle East, are driving potential demand for us going forward. The latter piece of that is a little bit harder to predict from a timing perspective. But I would say both of those increases in demand are very much co- linear with our CDMQ model. And one of the strengths that we have at FLIR is the ability to respond quickly to requirements that emerge and get equipment fielded very quickly on a global basis.
It's still hard to predict in terms of what we're going to see relative from a sequestration standpoint. I think that's something that we're looking at and being relatively conservative in our forecasting model. And at this point we feel pretty good about the backlog that we've got at this point and what the second half looks like, but into 2016 we'll have to see how the second half executes and look at what we think the 2016 opportunity looks like.

Jim, this is Andy. We don't talk about specific contribution of each product in reporting our results but I can say a couple of things related to that. Across many of our business we've seen unit volumes increase significantly, and that's been in the face of ASP declines but it has been driving overall growth. If you look at the growth in the instruments business, if you look at the growth in the security business that we've been obtaining, those are driven by very significant unit volume growth. And in both of those markets, the total available market opportunity is quite significant and I think that we're still very thinly penetrated into those markets.
In the case of where we've got markets that are quite price elastic, the developments that we've been doing in terms of developing lower cost products that open up this technology to a new class of buyers is really where we think the growth is going to come from in these markets. That said, we're also focused on the upper corner of our markets and we've got several product introductions that are going to occur later this year in the upper end of our product value ladder. And we believe that that will drive a refresh cycle in those areas.

I think as we look at the mix right now for the second half of the year, we think that there will be a small improvement in gross margin relative to what we've seen in the first half of the year. At this point, though, the new products that we've introduced into the channel support our current gross margin levels. As you mentioned, some of the products that will get launched at the upper end of our product value ladders tend to have higher gross margin levels associated with them. But I don't expect that to move the needle significantly in the second half.

Hey, Jeff, this is Andy. In that particular case, they're using a standard CMOS visible camera and just opening it up to the short wave IR wavelengths that are then enabled through LED illumination. At the end of the day it's really completely different technology than what we're dealing with with thermal imaging. That's still an active illumination technology that relies on light emitted from the LED, the illuminators reflecting off of the target back to the sensor. The problem with that is two fold. Number one, it's a very short range so you can't get near the range you can get from a thermal sensor. And number two is you have a significant issue relative to any kinds of obscurants that are between the camera and the object. And that can be anything from a spider web that forms in front of the camera because the LED illuminators give off heat and attract spiders, all the way through to any kind of dust, fog, rain, smoke, that is in the environment, significantly inhibits the effectiveness.
The last thing, and a real strength for thermal imaging, and we talked about this a bunch during our Investor Day, is the fact that the kinds of things that you're looking for with the security camera tend to be living objects -- people or animals -- and those stand out very strongly from the background in the thermal spectrum and they do that in a passive way so there's no illumination that is required. As a result of that, video analytics work very reliably. You tend not to be affected by obscurants that are in the scene. And, because it's a passive technology, it can't be detected. It's low power and it doesn't attract things like spiders that cause problems with IR illuminated solutions.

Sure, Jeff. This is Andy again. A couple of areas that show opportunity there. The first covers the current verticals that we satisfy with our end solutions. There will be other players that will be in those areas in maritime and security and test and measurement equipment, and we supply OEM components into those markets. Jeff talked about the UAS market. That's an area where we're getting traction with Lepton, for example, with other micro UAS manufacturers, due to its low size, power and weight.
The other thing that presents a very significant opportunity for us is the Internet of Things space. Fundamentally, Internet of Things devices are sensors that are connected to users in an intelligent way through the Internet. The thermal imaging module, something like Lepton, provides a very rich set of data that can't come from other types of sensors, but it's a set of data that many Internet of Things devices would benefit from. And we're seeing a lot of inquiries there. We recently conducted a maker event, where we invited a bunch of developers to a public event where they developed solutions around Lepton. And that was a very popular event for us and a model that we intend to replicate elsewhere in the world later in the second half of the year.

We do. We have some business that was slated to deliver in Q2 that we were not able to execute during the quarter that was staged for delivery but we didn't have the orders complete at the point that we were able to deliver them in Q2, and those have come in now. So, that helps to firm up our view of the Q3 revenue situation. Of course there's book and bill that still needs to happen for Q4 deliveries but that's something that's not atypical for us at this point. We feel pretty good about the revenue forecast for the second half at this point. And the revenue increase H1 to H2 is fairly typical to what we've seen in prior years.

I think it's fairly remote, Jonathan. We have a very rich history, a very long lineage on the UH60 Black Hawk platform. I would add to that that Lockheed really doesn't have a competitive product in that space. That's a customer that has continually been looking for a better value proposition in terms of the sensor. They've been very focused on size, weight and performance reduction, which the current generation of product that we're shipping into that platform progressed along that path in terms of being a smaller, lighter, higher performance product. So I think we're pretty solid on that front. The qualification process also for the customers on those platforms are fairly lengthy in time. It's not something we're going to rest on our laurels. We continue to develop that product platform, listen to the customer in terms of their emerging needs, and develop the product consistent with the needs of the customer in that space.

A little bit of comparison, yes. The prior-year comparison on Europe was a bit soft, particularly in surveillance. We had some deliveries of some orders, so the revenue side versus the order side. Earlier comments about headwinds on the bookings that we made related to what we're seeing going forward, in particular Western Europe, an area we have typically been very strong in. We have very good relationships with OEMs and customers there. That's where we're seeing some softness. The deliveries that we saw, the revenue that we saw, we saw a nice growth in this particular quarter. A, it was an easier comp. B, it was just some orders that we took at the end of last year, earlier this year.

No.

For surveillance going forward, it will be in line. I wouldn't say dramatically different. There's two things. Gross margin or operating margin?

I would say Q2 represents a bit of a low quarter just because of the size of the revenue and the operating leverage. As we increase that revenue through the balance of the year based on our forecast you should see our operating margin return mid to high 20%s.

Tim, this is Andy. I'll just add one other thing to Travis' comments that has merit relative to FLIR FX, is that from a technology standpoint it's also a platform for us to develop things like cloud connectivity, which the FLIR FX has, mobile apps, it's got a broad suite of mobile apps that go with it, and also a recurring revenue model. Those are all platforms that are important for us as we go forward and broaden that product line to include thermal and other capabilities that will spread across the total security business.

Jeff, this is Andy. We made really good progress in this business. The segment required some work, I think, to get it aligned with the FLIR model. But a couple of things specific to the questions in terms of customer base. We saw quite a good response in Q2. If you take out the program and CRAD portion of this business and just look at the standard product sales, bookings were up north of 50% in that segment during Q2. The other thing that we've been doing there is fairly aggressive product development program of which we'll start to see the fruits of that emerge in the second half of the year. So overall from an operations standpoint and a product development standpoint, we're bringing it much more in line with the way we conduct our business in the other segments of FLIR.
I'd add to that also that Travis' group has been quite active there, as well. The detection segment for FLIR, I think, was fairly under-marketed prior to Travis' arrival. He's got a vertical marketing director focused on it. They've done quite a bit of work. And if you look at the outward facing promotions associated with our detection segment and products, the activity there is markedly improved versus the past. Tom, do you want to add anything else to that?

Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for your continued interest in FLIR's growth as a Company. I'd also like to thank the nearly 3,000 FLIR employees around the globe for their continued focus, dedication and execution against our vision of making FLIR the world's sixth sense. We're very excited about the opportunity ahead of us and we look forward to updating you relative to our progress on that front at the end of Q3. Thank you, everyone.

Thanks, Tim. This is Andy. I'll go ahead and handle the second question first and then I'll pass it over to Tom to talk about the gross margin comparison quarter over quarter.
At this point, Tim, we're really still at the tip of the iceberg relative to the Lepton opportunity in terms of products that we develop within the Company. I can speak a little bit to what's out there on the market today, and certainly the most successful of those today and the one that will generate the most revenue has been the C2. It's done really well for two reasons, I would say. Number one is it's a new form factor that we found has really been embraced quite strongly by the building user community. The super slim format, the ease of use, the touchscreen, the image quality, and so forth have all really been warmly embraced by that market. And at this point the volumes that we're seeing from that are well in excess of what we had initially planned for the product, and thankfully we've been able to ramp up manufacturing very quickly on that product to meet that demand.
But there are a number of other opportunities out there. I'm particularly excited about the K2, for example, coming out with a firefighting product that has enough resolution to do the job properly, that is really well packaged for that extremely aggressive environment, but is at a price point that opens up thermal imaging to a very large universe of first responders that typically have not been able to afford this type of equipment. This is a really large base of firefighters and the volunteer firefighter in rural sector that don't have the benefit of thermal imaging technology. And there I think the Lepton-based K2 is going to open up a new market segment for us there.
Tom, why don't you comment on the gross margin quarter-over-quarter issue.

Actually, the increase comes in three areas. Two are related to new product developments, and those are in the instruments and maritime segments. So both of those areas we've had a fairly strong cadence of new product developments towards the end of the quarter. And as a result, there was an inventory buildup to build the initial stocking inventories of those products as they go into distribution channels.
The third area is related to the security business. That's a fairly cyclical business. We have a pretty strong sellthrough in Q4 in that business, particularly at the retail outlet standpoint. And as a result we've got a fairly strong build of inventory as those products go into to the channel.

Sure, those are good questions. We always develop products based on feedback that we hear from the customer base. There is also an element of innovation that comes from our engineering teams that we utilize to enhance the products.
One of the other things that's unique about these new products that are coming through detection -- and I mentioned it in the prepared comments -- is that these are the first products that really represent a very strong injection of FLIR's DNA from a industrial design standpoint, from a user interface standpoint, and from a efficiency of manufacturing standpoint.
If you look at these products -- particularly the Fido X2 is a great example of it; there's a situation of a product where you'll see a very strong correlation from an industrial design standpoint to the products that are in our instruments segment. We've also really innovated this product in terms of ease of use.
These are products that get deployed in the field, typically, with users that may not have a lot of training in this. We went quite a long way in this product to embed training materials into the product videos and so forth that explain how the product is used and also have a very intuitive operation of the unit, such that users can use it without training.
Also, that particular product represents a lower price point. So we expect to be able to address a larger portion of law enforcement (technical difficulty) price point and the value proposition that it provides.

Thanks, Peter. It's a good question. One of the things that you'll note in Europe is that the majority of the downturn that we've seen from a revenue perspective in Europe was driven by the currency exchange that we've seen, the fluctuations in the currency rates. If you look at our businesses from a standpoint of the businesses where we are well-established, we saw a decline (technical difficulty) segments. So it's a double-digit decline, in the low 20% range, that we saw in Q3 on a revenue basis -- and again, very closely tied to what we saw in terms of currency fluctuations.
In the areas where we don't have an established business in Europe, we are actually seeing growth. So we've had a fairly strong push of our security products, both at the retail level under the Lorex brand and at the professional level under the FLIR brand. And they were actually seeing growth, but it's off of a very small base.

Sure. Lepton really has a -- we have a three-pronged approach with Lepton. One is -- what you have seen quite a lot of -- is the injection of Lepton into our existing market verticals. And the initial products that were launched into the Lepton verticals, there were some overlap with existing products. If you look at a product like C2, for example, it has some overlap with a product like our E4 series in that it's addressing a similar application base with a different form factor.
What's interesting, what's happening now with Lepton, is the more recent products that (technical difficulty) so the new class of what we call IGM, infrared-guided measurement products, where we're injecting Lepton technology into traditional test and measurement products, like an electrical clamp meter or a moisture meter -- those are going to address, really, a new customer base that I don't think was considering the use of thermal imaging at all. And we have fairly high expectations relative to the performance with those products.
Existing products I mentioned previously, products like C2 and the TG135, are doing very well. So the unit volumes there have actually exceeded our expectations. And as was mentioned by Tom, it's [about] 50% of the total find that we have in the instrument space.
We've got a couple of areas, also, with Lepton where they are in the other segment. So in maritime, for example, we talked this quarter about the AX8 product, which is creating a new Lepton-based engine monitoring product for boats. That's a very tight integration with the Raymarine network and Raymarine MFD system. And again, I think it's a really strong value proposition, because an overheating situation -- potential fire in an engine room in a boat, obviously, is a major concern to boaters. And having that capability of detecting those kinds of situations before they become a big problem is a really key value proposition.
And then the last area, of course, is we've created a new price point in the firefighting market with Lepton with K2. That's a product that started shipping (technical difficulty) couple of weeks. We've got a nice already sell-in of units into distributors there that we'll be delivering in Q4. And then, of course, we've also launched products into the security space that are now just starting to get traction that are Lepton-based.

So I agree with you, Pete; it's nice to see the progress that's being made in terms of the budget. It's an environment that we very much would like to be sailing into.
Q3 we had stronger DoD bookings than we have had historically, and it was encouraging to see that. And I would also say that the general vectors that we're seeing from DoD purchasing behavior are encouraging for us. We are seeing increased activity in the product categories that we're strong in.
So -- Tom mentioned this a little bit in his prepared comments, but in the maritime space, in the land space, and hand-held instrument space for our surveillance products, we're seeing demand build there. And it's an area where we're quite strong. We've invested pretty heavily in product development in that area over the course of the last couple of years, and we believe that our CDMQ model is producing products that are pretty strongly differentiated in that space. And we're seeing some good traction there.
The recent CCFLIR2 contract win, for example -- the IDIQ that we mentioned today -- is a good example of a nice contract that we've won there with a differentiated CDMQ-based solution (technical difficulty) how Q4 is looking for surveillance.

One other thing, Pete: I don't think will see Q4 revenue for surveillance be up versus prior year. We had a very strong Q4 last year. We had big shipments of MSC products and LTV vehicles into the Middle East. So that was in order that we received back in Q1 (technical difficulty) so I think it will still be a good quarter for us.

Yes, I think it's more so the latter. Certainly there is a headwind there, but we're going to see less of a headwind from a currency standpoint in Q4. The relative change Q4 over Q4 is certainly less significant than we've seen in the first three quarters of the year from a currency standpoint.
And the second thing is that we do have a lot of new products that are launching. And we've worked hard in terms of developing new channels for those lower-cost test and measurement oriented products. So those are going to be addressing new (technical difficulty) also launch of the T1K. It is a turbulent market, and we've got some headwinds there, but I really expect us to see the situation stabilize in Q4.

Sure, sure. So a couple of variables there. One is book and bill. We don't have a huge book and bill requirement in Q4. But in the areas that I would say that we're -- that are being conservative about it relative to the maritime and instrument segment, where we did see some pressure in Q3. So we're looking at that conservatively and expecting that we're going to continue to see those pressures in Q4.
The other variable that we deal with is in surveillance, and it's related to the challenges of executing revenue that we have in the backlog. And that usually revolves (technical difficulty) and licensing issues. It's nothing new for us; we have been -- this is an environment that we live in every quarter and we manage quite aggressively. But it is a variable in the business.

Well, I think gross margins -- you going to continue to see gross margins in the 48% to 50% range. The new products that we're launching support historical gross margin levels. So there's no issue there.
The issue that we see with gross margins tends to revolve around mix, both within the segment and between the segments. So we do have some of the segments which, on a general level, produce lower gross margins -- security produces lower gross margins on the visible-based products.
The nice thing that we're seeing in security, though, is an increased cadence in our thermal business. So that business continues to grow, both from an overall revenue standpoint and a unit volume standpoint. But again, that's -- the primary mix is run -- the primary changes are driven by mix change within a segment and mix changes between the segments in our total business.

So it's an interesting term that you use, constructive cannibalization, because I do look at it that way. The lower-cost products that we're introducing in the instruments segment, I think, are necessary for two reasons. Number one is that there will be competition in the low-end space. We've got a technological advantage with Lepton, but there are other technical solutions out there. So we're going to see lower-priced products that are going to enter that segment over time. And I think that we need to lead that charge rather than follow it. And that's a general strategy that we have here in the business.
As I mentioned earlier, though, some of the products that we have launched that have lower ASPs have more overlap with existing products versus some (technical difficulty). I'm very encouraged by the significant increase in unit volumes, because this does two things. Number one is it builds the base of people understanding the value of thermal imaging in general. And we found a general trend that once people start using thermal imaging, that over time they have a desire to move up that value ladder and get a greater capability.
The other area is that by deploying these technologies into the trades through these test and measurement products, we're building brand awareness significantly for FLIR. And I think that, ultimately, not only does that help the instruments business, but it helps our other businesses as we get into consumer spaces, and maritime space, and in security space. That, combined with the efforts that Travis' group is doing, is building overall brand awareness for the Company, which we expect is going to benefit unit sales across each of the segments.

Yes, well, you know there is some lumpiness in that business, Tim, relative to revenue execution. And it's all in the (technical difficulty) growth from the retail perspective, the business did quite well. And really, the change that you're seeing in the growth rate is just driven by the major programs that we get in that business, the -- what we call infrastructure class programs that are thermal product related. And there's just some lumpiness in that business. We're very well positioned in that space.
And frankly, I think the things that are going on in the world drive a greater need for perimeter security and situational awareness in outdoor environments. And we've got the broadest suite of products of any company in that space in the thermal spectrum. And we continue to innovate with new product developments. The products that were just released this quarter, our F-Series ID and the F-Series R products are both new products that are going to drive volumes and adoption in the security space. So I'm feeling pretty good about what the mix and the growth rates look like for that business for the future.

So I'm going to have Tom answer the first question and just talk about what we saw in Q3, and then I'll come back and talk about the longer-term view.

Michael, I'll add just three points to this relative to the long-term perspective. I think it really comes down to these things. Number one is the injection of thermal technology. And that's really what Tom is alluding to in the security space. But when we inject thermal into a product class, we have the ability to derive the traditional gross margins that we've had at FLIR.
The second issue is differentiation in the products. And we've got a very strong focus on differentiation through video analytics and image processing within our products. And you see this very strongly, I mentioned in -- the T1K has got a very high level of video processing that's going on inside the camera that creates a very strongly differentiated output in the premium section. But we also see this in the security space -- products like the FCR and the FC ID are products that have processors inside of them that are doing video analytics to create a differentiated proposition. (technical difficulty) and higher gross margins.
And then the last area is relative to new categories. And this is something as a company we been very focused on -- creating new product categories. And one of the benefits of creating a new product category is that you typically operate for some period of time in that category with a lack of meaningful competition. And that allows us to derive appropriate gross margins in that segment.

Sure. So if I look at China from a couple of different perspectives -- first, I can look at it from a bookings perspective. It's on an uptick. Year-to-date bookings in China are actually only of a couple of percentage points. But Q3 -- the bookings were quite strong. They were just shy of 30%. And we've got a pretty good forecast for Q4 for bookings in China as well. And that's based on traction that we're getting there primarily in the instruments, OEM, and maritime space. We've been adding sales resources in China to drive that growth as well.
If I move over to a revenue perspective, the overall growth rate is sort of in line with the rest of the business. It's high single digits was in a range (technical difficulty). But as we drive those higher bookings increases that I spoke about previously, that will allow us, obviously, to drive the revenue up.
I think the real big issue for us is China is still a pretty small piece of our total revenue. We don't do any revenues to speak of in the government-oriented business, of course, in China due to export regulations. So it's really more about our commercial and industrial businesses. While it's a small piece of our revenue today, I think it presents a fairly significant opportunity for the Company, and it's an area where we are focused.
We're not seeing any of the sort of effects that you see in the news in terms of downturns of demand in China. That has not manifested itself in our bookings or revenue profile to date.

Sure, I'm going to have Tom respond to that.

So there's not a whole lot that we can provide publicly on that. We have spoken earlier about that we will be debuting on a new Cadillac platform that will be coming out either later this year or early next year.
There are still a number of OEMs that are in the hopper that we can't speak publicly about (technical difficulty) the long-term adoption in that space. The value proposition is still quite good. And I think that having another manufacturer in OEM out there with the product feature, and particularly an American brand like Cadillac, is going to help to continue to drive awareness and motivate other manufacturers to join the fray of offering this feature.

Sure, Jonathan. The new products that we have just recently launched, where you have lepton embedded in these test and measurement products as an IGM feature, opens up really a different type of distribution channel for us. And it's distribution channels more in line with what you just mentioned -- you know, distribution, organizations focused on the trades. And that's everything from (technical difficulty) center all the way through to a home-improvement type of retail outlet.
We have more products to come in that area. So we haven't let up at all on our cadence of product development in the instrument space utilizing Lepton. And many of those products that are on the drawing board will find themselves in more retail-oriented distribution spaces. So we are encouraged about bringing that technology to the consumer-level user as well.

You're welcome.

Well, I'll handle the first question about CapEx, and then I will have Amit talk about free cash conversion. The increase in CapEx spending is really driven by the fact that we've got a new facility that we are just completing in Santa Barbara. So we moved from multiple leased facilities in Santa Barbara to a single owned facility there, which included moving our fab, our development foundry, which is just a fairly extensive project.
The ultimate intent of that puts all of our operations there in a single building, consolidating from five separate buildings there. It lowers our overall expense on an annual basis as well -- the depreciation expense versus the rental expense. And obviously it's a much more modern facility, and we expect to be able to get the stronger yields out of our development foundry there as a result of having a new facility. So you'll see that CapEx taper off as we go forward. That was really a spike.
We also built and just completed this summer a new factory in Estonia. And that's reflected in the CapEx spending as well. But again, it's a great platform for low-cost labor, very high quality output there. Many of our new instruments products are coming out of this factory that's based in Tallinn. And it has a lot of capacity for expansion. And we expect that we'll be moving some other product lines into that factory in the coming 12 to 24 months. (technical difficulty)

I'll have Shane talk about that.

Great, thank you. While our Q3 results were somewhat below our expectations, I'm pleased with our continued progress in developing new markets for our sensing technologies, making our products smarter and easier to use, and continuing our leadership in building awareness of the benefits of thermal imaging on a global basis. We are on a path that will lead to continued long-term growth and profitability.
Before I close, I do want to underscore my appreciation for continued hard work and dedication that is exhibited by the more than 2,800 FLIR employees around the world. We're making great progress in our vision of being the world's sixth sense. And with that, I'd like to thank you all for joining us today.

Good morning, Noah.

It hasn't changed meaningfully from 2015. At this point, we have some share buyback planned in there. We're not going to provide the specific number. But it's likely to be less than what we had in 2015, as we're going to be a little bit more focused on M&amp;A.

That's correct.

At this point, I think, Noah, it's really dependent on what the mix is. So, for example, the Security segment is the segment that we expect to still see good growth in 2016 and the margins there, as you know at this point, are lower than the company-wide margins. I think the real wild card here is what the content of the Surveillance business revenue is going to look like in 2016, because that's probably where we see the most variability in the model. And, at this point, the book-and-bill component of that is difficult for us to predict.

I think that there's a couple of things. If we talk about a range of outcomes, the first thing is what the environment looks like. The general US DOD environment for us obviously has been improving, with the budget in place. I would say the procurement sentiment there is improving and we saw nice uptick in US orders in Q4.
The issue at this point, though, that's difficult to determine is how much of that was pent-up demand versus how much of it is run-rate demand. As you know, our business is a short-cycle business. I think the products that we have there are quite relevant to what's going on in the world today.
The big wild card for us also, I would say, is the Middle Eastern business. That business both on a bookings and revenue standpoint for 2015 was down versus 2014, but it's an area that has a tremendous amount of opportunity for us. Particularly if you look at our products in the area of border patrol and deployable systems in our surveillance segment, we're a leader there. We've got CDMQ product that we can respond with rather quickly to demand and I see that as really being the wild card for us in 2016, but it's also an area that we have limited visibility. So, at this point, we've taken an approach that is prudent in terms of forecasting the business based on what we see today.

Hang on. We'll get that statistic for you. Sure. Do you want the quarter or the year?

All right. So about 20% for the year. And on the quarter, about 20%.

You're welcome.

So Pete, we're not providing specific revenue numbers on DVTEL. Relative to the total business, it's not meaningful. I think what's more important about DVTEL for us is it fills a very important gap in our Security business and really builds on our strategy there, in providing a total system solution. DVTEL is largely a software company. They do have hardware products, DVRs and cameras.
For us, it's really more of a software play. It adds a necessary enterprise-grade video management system capability to our portfolio offering and also offers some very powerful video analytics. And it's really a very critical offering from a technology standpoint for us to be able to round out our value ladder from residential all the way through to enterprise and infrastructure grade of product.

Well, so Instruments-- let me hit your last point first, which is new product introduction in Instruments is really what's been driving the performance there. Instruments, we continue to increase the percentage of Lepton-based products that are being sold in Instruments. We actually were up to a little bit north of 60% of the total unit volume that was shipped in Q4 were Lepton-based products and Instruments. That said, we continue to build out the value ladder in Instruments. We launched the T1K during Q4 and began shipments of that very late in the quarter. So it didn't really have a big impact on revenue, but we'll start to see that roll in in Q1.
In terms of regional performance in Instruments, it's a story similar to the rest of the business. The Latin America region has been down fairly sharply. Europe has also been soft for us. We saw nice growth come out of China and expect that to continue there. We've made investments in our distribution organization in China and have a very strong brand there and demand continues to be strong in China. Instruments, if we look at the front end of the business, saw growth in Q4 in the US market in Instruments.
The other thing that's an opportunity and relative to supporting the margins in Instruments is the optical gas imaging business. That was soft for most of the year of 2015. We started to see a little bit of an uptick towards the end of 2015 in the OGI business and we've got a couple of regulations that are coming through from the EPA and the BLM that will support the use of optical gas imaging technologies from a regulatory standpoint. So the draft regulations on that, that have been released, and the margins on those products are quite good. I'd just close with a last point, is that the margins that you saw in Q4 probably aren't towards the peak of what we will see from that group, but I think that they are sustainable.

Thank you.

Sure, Brandon. So first, starting with China, a very large market opportunity there. I think as the industrialization matures there, the concept of predictive preventive maintenance is continuing to gain traction. We're moving out of applications, like the utility market, which has historically been very strong for us into factories and industrial and process-control applications there. As I mentioned in the previous comments, we've invested fairly strongly in distribution and marketing capability in China. So, during the course of 2015, we had to shift of resources from the slower growth EMEA and Latin America regions into China and we're starting to see those investments pay off.
Moving over to the oil and gas industry, certainly low oil prices have affected overall procurements from that segment, both in our optical gas imaging and in our midrange Instruments products that are used for preventive maintenance. That said, though, again, as I mentioned in the previous comments, the draft regulations that are out from the EPA and the BLM are going to favor the use of optical gas imaging. I would expect in 2016 we should see an uptick there, plus if you look at what's going on in the Aliso Canyon with the natural gas leak there, most of the footage that's been shown on national TV are coming from our cameras illustrating the benefits of optical-gas imaging for natural gas applications.

So unit volumes for Instruments were actually just up slightly year over year. The reason for that is we had a very large sell-in of a new product in Q4 of 2014. The product, a TG 165, which was actually one of our first IGM products that we released. It was a fairly large channel fill. If you take that out, there was nice unit growth from a volume standpoint in Q4, but it was flat when you include that one particular metric.

Sure, Jim. I would say that the weakness that we're seeing in the commercial side is hitting both Instruments and Maritime. Really looking at the quarter, Maritime was down more than Instruments was. Instruments was actually flat to up slightly on a currency-adjusted basis in Q4. The issue in Instruments, though, would be around Europe.
Europe and Latin America are the two markets that were soft from a bookings and revenue standpoint for us. As I mentioned previously, our response to that is twofold. Number one, a shifting of resources both on the selling and marketing front out of slow-growth markets into higher-growth markets and the other issue is the continued cadence of the introduction of new products there. We've had a slew of, I mentioned, eight new Lepton products. Most of those were in the Instruments segment. They are getting very good traction in the market.
I was just recently at Grainger's National Convention earlier this week and we're showing those products there and getting very strong interest from them. So I think we're going to see unit volumes continue to grow in the Instruments business. And we believe that, as we create these new categories for low-cost IGM basis, we're creating new thermographers, in the process, and those are people that are likely to move up the value ladder over time as they see the value and the efficacy that comes from thermal imaging.

Yes, that's true. We've got a number of positive things, though, happening in the Maritime sector. The area that's been challenged there has been in the retail segment and our freshwater products, but we've launched several new products to include new radar and new sonar. We continue to have the best autopilot out there. Let me flip it over to Tom to talk a little bit more about some of the activities that we've got going though in Maritime.

One last thing on that Jim, is that we've been on a quest to inject Lepton into as many of our segments as we possibly can. And one of the things that we did do in Maritime was offer our AX 8 unattended sensor, which is a Lepton-enabled product, into the Maritime segment and fully integrated in Raymarine suite, has an engine monitoring system. It's really unique offering to Tom's comment about creating unique products. It's a unique offering and it's an offering that really deals with one of the most serious problems in boating which is the potential for fire. So I think that's an example of how Lepton technology can carry across our segments and create new markets.

Sure. I think as that, as you've noted, we have been active in Security. I think that's been a very successful strategy that we've had in the Security segment. There's still opportunity there. I'm not going to go into specifics, but there are still opportunities in that space for us. We want to build a really strong business, a solution-oriented business in that space, and DVTEL's an important element of that. But I think on the hardware side, there are still some opportunities for that.
Outside of Security, we have opportunities in all six of our segments. And frankly, that's probably our biggest challenge. Shane has got his hands full with a very large funnel of opportunities that we're looking at. Obviously, we want to continue to make acquisitions that play to the strengths of our business, of our vertical integration, our Lepton capability, our sales and marketing capability, and Shane has refined our process in terms of how we sift the opportunities in the funnel. And, as I mentioned in the opening comments, I expect us to be more active on that front in 2016.

Sure, Jonathan. It's a good question, because TG 130 is somewhat of a unique product for us. It creates a new opening price point in our Instruments business at $249. It's a product that's really sort of unchallenged in the marketplace and I expect that to be the case for some time. It does require some new distribution channels because it's a more DIY consumer, homeowner, light contracts-or-oriented product. So you're going to see more of a retail exposure with that product in terms of home improvement stores.
We launched the product at the Consumer Electronics Show, so that in itself is an indication of the target audience for that product. It's a super easy product to use. It's literally point and shoot, very, very simple, easy to interpret, easy to operate. There's been a pretty big focus going on within Travis' group in terms of developing marketing communication. And, Travis, maybe you can just talk a little bit about the eCommerce efforts that we're going to be taking on in 2016 to help extend the channel.

Yes, I don't think any major trends in significant change in trajectory versus what we saw in 2015. We expect to see continued growth in Security, continued growth in the Detection segment relative to the backlog there. We think that the economic environment, that Instruments and Maritime probably have the biggest exposure to the economic environment, at this point. And then, as previously mentioned, the wild card here is really Surveillance based on what we see in terms of world events.
Again, we're very well positioned there. I think that the technologies and concepts of intelligence surveillance, reconnaissance, targeting chemical detection, I think are quite relevant today, and we're very well positioned. I think that our longer term strategy as CDMQ, commercially developed military qualified, rapid response capability, the focus of the business to be more oriented towards a system solution-oriented business rather than just selling cameras is something that's quite relevant today. And, particularly, as we look at opportunities in places like the Middle East, where some of the unrest there is driving demand for more control, security and surveillance-oriented solutions.
As we add capability, things like DVTEL, things like video analytics and more integrated solutions, our offerings become more attractive. I think that, from a trajectory standpoint, could lead to improved performance from the Surveillance segment. But again, it's just a bit difficult to predict at this point.

You're welcome.

So, we don't give specific segment guidance, I think, as you know, Michael. But generally, I think your observations are largely in line with what our forecasts are at this point. In Surveillance, we're being fairly measured in terms of our expectations for that business going forward, again, just based on the visibility that we have in the business. We had a nice backlog build in Q4. We had book-to-bill in Q2 of 1.2, book-to-bill in Q3 of 1.2 in that business. Book-to-bill dropped a little bit below 1.0 in Q4, but as Tom mentioned in his comments, we saw very nice growth in bookings.
The issue that we have in that business, though, again, is determining how much of that was pent-up demand versus future run rate. As I mentioned before, the business is very well-positioned at this point. I would say the overall inquiry level in that business has had an uptick and we've got some very nice irons in the fire for a medium-term business with the US DOD, but not yet decided. We're taking, I think, a prudent view of that business and we'll look to see how the year develops to revise our thinking on what the full year is going to look like from a growth standpoint in Surveillance.

We're a bit more optimistic than that. I would like to see growth in all of the segments, but I think it's going to be modest at this point. And again, just because of the headwinds that we're going to see, a little bit of currency headwind still, and more of a concern on the macroeconomics, particularly in Europe and we may see a little bit of pressure on the growth in the APAC region.

Sure.

Good, Saliq. Nice to hear from you.

Yes, sure, Saliq. I'm actually going to flip this over to Jeff to talk about this, because he's really been leading our entrance into the UAS market.

So Saliq, we don't go into specific sub segment details. I just want to mention a couple of things about FLIR FX and then I'll ask Travis perhaps to comment a little bit on it as well. But as you mention, FLIR FX has some unique features, rapid recap being one of them, that has been well received by the market. It was really our first shot out of the cannon in the residential and consumer space. So certainly we have things in the product pipeline that we will refine and broaden that product offering in 2016.
The other issue is the fact that we've got the FLIR 1 in the Apple channel, so it's in Apple stores. We have the outdoor version of the product in the Apple retail environment, at this point, and that's been gaining nice traction there. I think it's one of the nice nuances of the product is that we do offer an outdoor capability, which is fairly unique. And when you couple that outdoor capability together with the rapid recap feature, it's really a pretty useful value proposition.
Ultimately, though, that marketplace has the opportunity for the injection of low cost thermal to improve the accuracy of detection. And we see it as a fairly rich space. It's really part of our product value ladder and our control-the-corner strategy. This forms the lower corner of the market. Travis, anything you want to add to the FX story?

Sure, Pete. Actually, what we had in the prepared comments was 20 product platforms. Literally if you count up the number of SKUs that were launched, it's over 100. So it's particularly when you look in the Security segment, there are a lot of products that get launched there. But I think the take-home point was, when we had a product platform and then there is a family tree of products that come off of that, that's what's important in terms of driving growth from a new product standpoint.
We don't intend to let our foot off the pedal of the gas here in terms of the development of new products. One of the things that's nice about what we're doing in the business is to create system cores that are easy to integrate across the business. Lepton is a prime example. It's a product that someone can take and turn into a system very, very quickly, and this isn't something that we've spoken about yet on this call, but I think it's an important vector for the OEM and Emerging business; that in terms of driving the growth of Lepton outside of FLIR in our own organically-developed products, we've been making Lepton available through a number of component suppliers and we've been having a number of developer and hacker events to drive the overall awareness of the capabilities associated with Lepton and bring new OEMs into the fold of product.
Again, one of the key drivers, in terms of enabling that capability, is that it's a system that is very easy to integrate. This is something that you can basically get power in and video out. It uses conventional CMOS camera interfaces, so it's very easy for someone who is familiar with working with conventional visible cameras to be able to also move into the thermal domain with Lepton. So that plays a benefit back into our own business as well. That's why you see Lepton being enabled in our different segments.
I mentioned this in previous calls, but this will certainly be a theme in 2016, that you'll see Lepton expand beyond the Instrument segment where there's been a fairly large focus. We also have new cores planned for the business outside of Lepton. So there are other areas of the business, higher resolution products and cooled products will be launched during 2016 from our Cores and Components group that will ultimately have system-level products that will be designed around those cores from our other segments.

Pleasure. Great. Well, that was our last. Operator, go ahead.

Great, thank you. Well, thank you all for joining us today. Before we close, I would like to welcome the DVTEL employees to the FLIR family. We look forward to your contribution to our vision for growth. And I would also like to thank the nearly 3000 existing FLIR employees for their continued hard work and dedication to our mission. We're making great progress and the future is really bright. So thank you all, again, for joining us on today's call. We'll see you after next quarter.

This is Andy. A couple of things on that.
The first, at the top level of the pricing level, there really haven't been pricing effects here, so what you're seeing here is not an effect of aggressive discounting to get sales to happen. There are some price effects in the Security segment where we're facing stronger competition there, but it's a small piece of the puzzle. To your point about what's happening with new products, as we introduce new products, those products fully support the long-term objective gross margin objectives of the Company. And I don't have a concern around that.
The area where we see margin challenges is, are primarily in the surveillance segment where we have some larger programs that were booked some time ago that are nearing their conclusion. And these are programs like the MSC program for the US border patrol, and the PB-EOS program for the Coast Guard. And these are programs that were bid pretty aggressively early in the product development cycle and as a result have lower than corporate average margins, and they pull down the overall margins, particularly of that segment.
The good news about that strategy, though, is it establishes credibility for those products and allows us to sell those products much more effectively in international markets having the backing of major US users behind them. And in those specific situations where we're selling them internationally, they fully support the corporate overall gross margin objectives.

Ben, this is Andy again.
A couple of things on that. The first issue is that midrange of our product value ladder, those are actually some of the oldest products that we have in our product value ladder. So from a product development standpoint, we've been very focused on the low end.
We've had tremendous success there. The C2 has been this hugely successful product for us following on the heels of our EX product range and also the IGM test and measurement products that we have introduced. And those are the traditional test and measurement products that have Lepton injected into them, have been doing extremely well in the market.
So we've got a very solid lower end as part of our control the corner strategy. Up on the other end of the spectrum, and again to our control the corner strategy, we have launched our T1K product. That's a product that's just getting traction now.
When you have a premium product like that, that is typically a product that's involved in a replacement cycle of capital equipment, the adoption rate of products like that tends to take longer than one would expect because it is capital allocation type of budgeting process that's required to purchase that product given its price point. But we're seeing that start to get traction.
The midrange of the segment, which is our Exx-series and our Txxx-series, those are products that are the oldest of the product portfolio. They're due for a refresh at this point. They're still quite competitive in the market, but I think -- you look at the feature set that are coming in advanced new products like the C2 and then the T1K at the other end of the spectrum, and it's quite attractive to customers, and we'll blend those feature sets and capabilities into that midrange product. Those products are under development now and are expected to be out within the next six to 12 months, and they will re-bolster that midsection.
We also expect that to go somewhat hand-in-hand with the large number of systems and users that we brought into the fold at those lower end products are likely to be candidates for people who are going to want to upgrade to higher performance units after they've been using a product like the C2 or an IGM product for a year or so. We've had a very good track record of moving people up the value ladder after they see the value proposition that comes from thermal imaging.

Well, we've had a lot of experience with it. I think it's a little bit difficult to predict from a timing perspective, but I would say from an efficacy perspective, we have had a very strong track record of moving existing customers into new product platforms. Through a combination of marketing and communication, and of course offering a better value proposition in the subsequent product to make their jobs easier, the data more easy to interpret, imaging performance better, and so forth.

Ben, this is Andy again.
The more important thing to think about in the integration effort on DVTEL is -- and I've seen this happen with a lot of companies that we've acquired. When you acquire a business like that you bring in different sales leadership, there tends to be a big focus on what am I doing, what are my job descriptions and so forth, people getting aligned on their functions and territorial assignments.
And then we also spend a fair amount of time in training, cross training between the two sales teams so that they can get out there and sell that full product suite of products. And obviously that takes time and it's a distraction from day-to-day business. So we saw a little bit of effect, a headwind effect associated with that.
That said, that effort is going well. The products from a brand standpoint have been well integrated at this point, and are represented on the website as such. And from a technical standpoint the compatibility links that were necessary between the FLIR professional and thermal visible products and the DVTEL video management system have all been put in place and tested at this point.
So we're ready to hit the street running at this point with an integrated solution, which is part of the vision of the integration of that business.

Yes. That would be a fair statement.

Morning.

Well, I think it's a function of the mix of the Business, Michael. We see the gross margins manifest themselves lower when we have a segment like Surveillance, which is normally pulling the overall margins up, have margins that are below our target average.
And again that happens when we have strong deliveries into a program, typically a US program, a record-type program where we have lower than normal gross margins. So that something that we're watching very closely, but we continue to have the ability to bring in new business, the book and bill business. The international business that we bring into Surveillance has margins that are well above the average margin for the quarter so that these things offset each other.
You're correct that when we integrate businesses like Security or Raymarine that have inherently lower gross margins, and those businesses represent the larger percentage of the total for FLIR, that it can pull down the overall gross and operating margins for the Business. And I think that that's something, though, that we can see coming from a fair way off.
In each of those businesses we continue to make sure that we have products within those businesses, the thermal content products within those businesses, that generate higher gross margins that help to bring up the overall gross margins of that business and offset the lower margins associated with the consumer and retail aspects of those businesses.
I would say a prime example is, is in the Security space where we acquired DVTEL, we've integrated our 360 Surveillance business. Those are two software-oriented businesses that can support much higher gross margins that will help to bring up the overall gross margin levels for the Security business.

No, we've actually done an analysis of the margin and backlog in Surveillance and it looks solid. It's in line with our expectation. I think probably more with the wild card is in Surveillance is, what does the book and bill margin look like? And typically the book and bill margin looks good.
And again, we've said Q2 Surveillance margins will be down again as a result of us wrapping up a couple of programs that we've got in there. There's still three programs that are ongoing that have lower than average gross margins that then these are programs that have been around for quite some time that are just in the high cadence delivery phase right now.
We've got to run those through the system and they're going to pull overall gross margins down. I do want to underscore, though, the strong benefit that comes from programs like that because of the credibility that comes from being on these rather significant US platforms. It really drives a very strong credibility for those same products and international markets.

So, yes, Jonathan. We saw strong bookings in Q1 in both Surveillance business and in the Detection business, and it's possible that there may be some pull forward from Q2 in those bookings that we have.
The business is still a bit challenging to forecast in that space. We've now seen a couple of back to back very strong quarters in terms of overall bookings growth. I think Q4 was up 26% in Surveillance, and Q1 was up 50% in bookings, and we're very pleased to see that. But the visibility is still a bit challenging on that front.
The overall feel from the market is good. It seems like more frequently than not we've got new requirements that are coming in that weren't identified clearly in our forecast. And I've been in that space before in my career, and it's a good indication that the demand is increasing. Of course it's very much in line with how we operate as a Company.
Our CDMQ model affords us the ability to be very responsive in a short period of time to urgent needs, and we're seeing more of that urgent need requirement. So, as a result of that, I think we're being conservative in terms of how we're looking at what the bookings look like for Q2 for Surveillance, if there was a significant pull forward from Q2 into Q1, but I would also say that there's potentially upside in that regard.

Sure.
Starting with a firefighting space, this is an area where I mentioned in the prepared comments that we feel that we're doing quite well from a gross -- from a market share gain standpoint. And we're building on that success through the launch of five new products that were launched at FDIC: two new handheld products, one new dedicated product that mounts at the top of a ladder truck ladder for aerial surveillance, and then two DJI drone-based products for drone-based aerial surveillance for firefighters, which is becoming an increasingly popular tool to have at a fire scene.
I think this is part of our strategy. It's one of our key six strategic pillars to identify and attack new, viable markets. And firefighting is one that the market has been around for a while. The value proposition of thermal is incredibly strong there.
We have a strong capability to create products and to innovate new products. And what we're doing here is not only building the value ladder of handheld products to have not only the most attractive opening price point all the way through the upper corner to a very attractive and well priced NFPA system with our K65, but also to inject a couple of easy to use products in that, and expand the overall product category by solving other problems that we're learning from firefighters which really come around.
We need to get an aerial view of what is going on at a fire scene, and that can be done both from a ladder and from a UAV. We feel that we should see that fire segment's growth bolstered by the expansion of new applications within that segment, and that's been a key strategy for us as we work to offset some of the softness that we're seeing in the midrange of the product line in Instruments.

Yes we can. Go ahead.

Sure, Jeff.
I'll talk about three things there. First, we talked about in the prepared comments the two new OEMs that we've established with Lepton, one being the Cat phone and the second being the Scott site. Both of those are completely new applications.
I don't see those as being cannibalizing. They offer completely new capabilities to those two OEMs. And I think that they will generate significant interest with other players in that market.
So clearly the launch of the Cat S60 phone has gotten a number of other smart phone manufacturers looking at that. And when that product gets launch and starts getting traction later this summer, we think that there will be other parties that are going to be serious about looking at that capability for inclusion into their devices, as well.
And similarly, when you look at firefighting, and SCBA is one of the most common pieces of the turnout gear, and integrating a thermal imager directly into an SCBA offers a hands-free capability that a lot of firefighters have been looking for. We think that that product concept is going to do well.
Two other areas that I will mention, one is the introduction of Boson. We got a completely new core here, a core that has a very powerful system on chip vector processor embedded in it that can host a number of different image improvement algorithms, automatic detection, artificial intelligence algorithms, and it's a system on chip that also supports all the typical peripherals that you have in a handheld system: display, battery control, USB, memory, those user interface, those kinds of things.
So that will make it easier for people to create products around that core and I think should drive future business for the OEM group. Also the fact that that core is available with 15 different fields of views and two different resolutions gives a lot of flexibility to system developers.
And then the last thing that I'll mention is we continue to get traction in the OEM space with automotive. We've got -- Cadillac has just begun shipping units with CT6. It seems like it's getting a good response and we continue to have other auto manufacturers in the hopper there. So it's been a slow go getting traction with night vision, but it's one that is gaining steam in terms of its adoption rates.

This is still with Autoliv, so it's the same partner.

That's absolutely correct, Jeff, and it's really a big part of the strategy within the Company, is to leverage developments across the segments. And frankly, things like the Security segment with its cloud services that are being developed, with the video analytics capability, with the mapping capability that's coming out of 360 Surveillance, those capabilities are applicable into other businesses, into Maritime, into Instruments, into Surveillance, and we're actively doing that.
Also, the development of the Boson core with its embedded vector processor vision processor that is inside that unit, we can develop algorithms for that for video analytics and artificial intelligence that can be applied across multiple segments within FLIR. That is something that we've got a team that is solely focused on that.
It's been a long-term vision here at FLIR. It was part of the reason that we bought traffic on. We also got additional video analytics capability with the acquisition of DVTEL, with the former IOI image assets there. And it's still early days in terms of what we will be showing from a video analytics standpoint. But we believe that the broad spectrum of products being offered in Surveillance, Instruments, Maritime, Security and even Detection can benefit from those enhanced capabilities that will run on board this low-power core.

Exactly. In fact, part of the integration efforts that are going on with DVTEL are integrating the video analytics teams between those two groups.

Pleasure.

It was entirely organic. Yes.

Yes, just a moment, Noah.
We looked at -- the SKU was much stronger toward US DoD. If you look at the revenue for the quarter there was a much stronger skew towards DoD versus Federal and State law enforcement.
So, from a revenue standpoint during the quarter, the DoD total was up a little over 50%. And this is -- I'm talking about total. If I look just within Surveillance, the DoD business grew faster than the other business in the quarter.
We find that there is some shift typically back and forth between DoD customers and typical three-letter agency customers. And we had a particularly strong quarter for total DoD business from a revenue perspective during Q1, and that can move around a little bit.

I think what you're talking about there is the difference between total US, the total US government bookings year-over-year. Is that what you are referring to, the 20% --

The government products revenue plus 20%, I think, is US.

Noah, I want to go back to that. The government products revenue increase of 20% is the total government product. It's not US only.

Those first two bullet points on slide number 3, we have shown historical growth rate averages of our commercial versus government businesses. That 20% growth that you see shown in the government business is largely driven by DRSKO.

I thought you were talking about the US content.

Hang on just a moment, take a look at that. (multiple speakers) The Middle East, primarily when you're talking about government for the most part, that would be in our Surveillance business. And that business had relatively small growth, but fairly strong business. So, although the growth wasn't large, it was still a healthy quarter. Even if you deal with it overall we had about 4% Middle East growth.

Thank you all for joining us on the call today.
Before we close I would like to note that Dave Muessle will be retiring from his role as Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer early next month. I'd like to thank Dave for his more than 16 years of outstanding support and dedicated service to the Company.
Dave will be replaced by Brian Harding, who is currently our Vice President of Corporate Finance and Accounting. Brian will formally start in his new role on May 6.
Dave, we wish you all the best as you transition into retirement. And Brian, we welcome you to your new role.
I would also like to thank the more than 3000 FLIR employees around the world for their continued dedication and innovative spirit as we pursue our goal of becoming the world's sixth sense.
Thank you all, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.

Sure, Ben. There were actually a couple of things there. Number one is just really the headline revenue there, the revenue was lower than we expected. We had a difficult comp, as Tom mentioned in his prepared comments, that we had executed a price increase last year that pulled some orders from Q3 into Q2 last year.
The other issue that occurred last year is we had a little over $4 million of bookings, both bookings and shipments, last year that were related to the MERS outbreak in Korea that did not recur this year. So that the lower revenue resulted in lower overall absorption of manufacturing overheads in the instruments business.
The other thing, there were a couple of other things going on there. We have had an ongoing investment in new optics capability that is centered in the instruments business. We fundamentally have three optics technologies at the Company: wafer-scale optics, molded optics, and diamond point turned optics.
And we have a fairly concentrated investment effort going on in the molded side to be able to produce our own molded chalcogenide optics in the future and those will be used across the business segments, where five out of six of the segments will utilize those optics going forward. And the expenses in that area were a little bit higher than anticipated and not fully absorbed by the operation. Tom, you want to add anything else to that?

Yes, so we'll be making some adjustments in that business, Ben, to make sure that the operating overheads of that business are in line with the expected revenues in the second half.

Well, we expect that the operating margins in that business will be in the 30% range in the second half as a result of the initiatives that we're taking. We're seeing, if you move up to the gross margin level, I think we'll see some improvement there as well as we've got our high-end products are in the market now and at a maturity level of manufacturing that they're generating their expected margins. So this is products like the T1K which was introduced late in 2015.
So that's a product now that's shipping and getting good traction on the market and we feel that there's a good opportunity for replacement cycle as we've got a very large installed base of P600 and T600 units that are used in industries where that level of performance is required.

Sure. We've mentioned in previous calls that those are products where we're seeing some pressure in terms of growth. They're products that are older products in our product line, as we've been focused on more on the corners of the product value ladder in that business.
There has been an ongoing effort to refresh the mid-section of our product line and that's going quite well. And we'll utilize new technology that we've developed at the Company at the core level and those products are expected to launch early in 2017.

Thanks, Ben.

Sure, Jim. I'll talk first about the thermal end of the business. That is a business that is still very much in its infancy. The value proposition for thermal cameras in the security space is quite strong as it significantly improves the accuracy of video analytic based systems.
We've introduced some new products in that space. Just recently, our SCID series, which is the first product that we've introduced that has fully integrated edge based video analytic capability that's very quick and easy to set up and quite reliable from an accuracy standpoint. That really brings a differentiated value proposition to outdoor perimeter security applications, leveraging the capabilities of thermal imaging.
In Q2, we changed some of our export licensing processes to refine those and that resulted in the delay in obtaining some export license and that manifested itself in the security segment, to some degree in the instruments segment, and more so in the surveillance segment. And as a result, that pushed some deliveries from Q2 into the second half and that was manifested in the security base revenue. And that again pertains only to the thermal products.
In the visible space, the competition there has increased and as we've seen some of the larger Chinese suppliers enter the markets directly, that has put some pressure on margins as a result of increased competition. Our strategy there is to offer more enterprise-class products and that will be supported by the DVTel integration.
Also in that space, we believe that over the long term, the opportunity to offer integrated thermal and visible products, or hybrid products as we call them, will give us a differentiated solution that will not only be unique but also have the ability to generate higher margins than traditional visual products.

Yes, there are fundamentally three things that drive that. Mix is one of the big ones. So we did have an unusual mix in the first half of the year that will resolve itself in the second half of the year, particularly in the instruments segment.
The second area is we'll have some price increases, so we've implemented a price increase program so we'll have some targeted price increases that will affect each of our segments. And then the third area is we'll address the under-absorption issue. So we'll take some cost out of the manufacturing operations that will help both absorption and some of the variances that's we saw in the first half of the year.

Yes, it's an interesting opportunity for us, actually, because what it does is it brings C2, or command and control, capability into the traditional VMS environment. So we have a group that's called 360 Surveillance that was part of our surveillance group and we have moved them out of the surveillance group into the security group at the beginning of this year.
And fundamentally, what it does is it creates a full end-to-end solution between a network of visible and thermal security cameras, combined together with radar ground-based sensors, with a video management system and then 360 brings in that top-down view of the C2 system. And that will be utilized both for stationary systems and for mobile systems.
So this is also technology that we've deployed in the new LTV-X product that Tom mentioned earlier that was launched in the surveillance space. That level of capability of having a true C2 layer on top of a VMS is something that really not many people are offering in the market today and I think we're going to have a very unique product offering there.
And particular for the markets where we're particularly strong which is sort of the outdoor perimeter surveillance markets, this gives us a true end-to-end solution, which has been one of our strategic goals for the year to produce more solution-oriented solutions for our customers.

So the competitive dynamics, you particularly focused on what we would call the retail business or consumer business. So there's three. We divide the market and we talk about it in three ways. We have kind of the consumer business, we have a small business, or SMB, and the enterprise class.
And the consumer business is highly competitive. The differentiation is relatively low. We have very good product. The amount of inventory we hold, it moves almost in the quarter we receive it. So it's not a large inventory balance. That's pretty competitive on price. It's a very high-volume business and I think that's not where we're focusing.
SMB is the business where Andy mentioned we're seeing the major Chinese manufacturers enter and competing primarily on price. Again, there are certain things we can add a little more differentiation and we're participating in that business but it's, again, not the focus. What Andy was referencing is that third market, is the enterprise, where we can create differentiated products and solutions.
The ability to have healthy margins in that is much stronger. The importance of thermal and an end-to-end to solution is stronger. And so that's where we're focusing our efforts. And that's where we can achieve the superior margins and that shift towards the enterprise products will improve the margins for the business overall.

Well, I think the issue, Jeff, it's an interesting point that you raise, is how do we leverage technology from the security segment into the other portions of the business? And they're actually quite applicable. There's really two fundamental technologies there that can be used elsewhere. And those are the VMS technology and the cloud-based technologies that the DVTel engineering team is working on.
Those are applicable. The cloud-based technology is fundamentally applicable across each of our segments and the VMS technology can be utilized in surveillance, in maritime, and of course, it's already being used in the security segment.
The opportunity for having high-level integrated VMS system tied together with the C2 system and then backed up with cloud access capabilities is something that is quite attractive to boaters, for example, in terms of being able to keep an eye on what's going on on a boat, both while at voyage and while the boat is at the harbor.
Also on the surveillance segment, at the end of the day, what we do in the surveillance segment is we provide ISR capabilities across a variety of platforms. And the ability to both record and disseminate that information is becoming increasingly important and that's fundamentally what the security segment capabilities will bring to the other segments.

Sure. Well, we continue to look at opportunities to leverage our core technology and there are still a lot of opportunities out there where thermal technology can be leveraged into other business spaces. Examples there include machine vision, automation, there's additional opportunities in security, in surveillance, in the UAS space. There are a number of different opportunities there.
We look at channel expansion opportunities out there as well. So we have the ability to pick up organizations that will expand our footprint and reach to the market with our existing products. And then we're also looking at technology expansion, so looking at other wave lengths in the imaging spectrum.
Today we cover sonar and radar, visible imaging, thermal imaging, but there are opportunities in other parts of the spectrum that I think can be leveraged as technologies that can be complementary to the imaging technologies that we do today.

Ask Amit to talk about that.

Thanks, Jeff.

We don't break that out, but what I will tell you, Michael, is that it was lower in Q2 than the norm and primarily as a result of the changes that we made in our export licensing processes that delayed some shipments into the second half. So we expect that to normalize in the second half.
We also, we mentioned in the prepared comments also the security comp for Q2 of last year was a pretty tough one because we had a significant amount of cooled long-range shipments in Q2 of 2015 and very few in Q2 of 2016 and that's just lumpy. We have a very competitive product line there, but those programs tend to be lumpier than the normal cadence of the uncooled cameras in the security space.

There were. I'm going to have Shane see if he can have that breakout. I'm not sure if we have it at that level of fidelity, but we have seen a strong order uptake there. As we mentioned in the prepared comments, our overall government revenues were up 32% and DoD was up 17% and we had very strong growth in the federal area; it was up 140%. But that's not specific to OEM and emerging. Do you have a number there?

Sure. So if we first just look at what things went on from a geographical standpoint, in Q2, we saw the highest growth coming out of the Middle East. That was up 10%. US was up 9%, Asia was up 4% and Europe was down 12%, as mentioned previously. As we previously mentioned, the US government oriented revenue was up 32%. In terms of Brexit, our exposure there is not terribly significant. Our total revenues in GBP are less than 4%.
From a cost standpoint, we think we're properly leveraged there so we don't expect to see a significant change in margin. I think the big question here, and I'm sure everybody is talking about this, is what will the impact be on the EU in total? We're currently expecting our European revenues to be flat with H1.
We actually had some aberrations last year. H1 was stronger than H2 from a European revenue standpoint and this year we believe that that will flatten out. Last year, we saw that delta primarily because of the fact that we had price increases in a you few of the segments in Q2 of last year and it pulled orders from H2 into H1 and this year we won't see that recur.

Yes, so I mean, thematically, the demand there continues to be high. Interest level and demand continue to be high as a result of the relevance of our intelligence reconnaissance targeting and explosives detections technologies are, I think, quite relevant and our CDMQ model, thematically, I think is quite well received by customers in the Middle East. And we're spending a lot of time with it right now.
We're quite strong in border surveillance platforms and then in airborne ISR platforms in the Middle East. The wild card there is it's just a market that's very difficult to predict. Timing is, it's the most challenging market that we deal with in terms of predicting timing. But that said, we're reasonably bullish on the performance that we'll see out of the Middle East in the second half.

Good morning, Noah.

We expect the long-term range to be in the low-20%s.

Well, fundamentally, we have revised our export licensing practices, tightened those up and added some additional documentation and process to that. And that's an effort that Todd has been heading up that was carried out in Q2 and it had some aberrations in terms of the delay of the receipt of export licenses for international customers.
And that's revenue that won't go away. It's revenue that will come back into the plan in the second half of the year. But it was an aberration for us in terms of our normal cadence of the execution of international revenue.

Yes, some, but I don't have it quantified. There were some licenses that were delayed from Q2 and that have been received in July.

Yes, the majority of it we'll get back in the third quarter.

That's total FLIR.

I'll have Shane look at it.

So we do. I mean, we know exactly what we're selling in that space. But I don't want to go to that level of fidelity on unit volumes. But I can tell you a couple important factors here. In terms of the number of thermal imaging cameras that are being flown on drones, both commercial and military today, we dominate that space by a long shot. And we not only have a relationship with DJI, but we have a relationship with several of the other leading commercial drone manufacturers today.
In fact, most commercial drones that are being flown today with thermal cameras on there are being flown with either the FLIR Vue Pro or the DJI FLIRs and use XT. Growth in that business has been quite strong and the penetration is extraordinarily low. As a percentage of the total number of commercial drones that are being sold today, it's still quite a small number. But we expect that to continue to grow through three potential initiatives here.
One is product expansion line. We're expanding the product offering there to be beyond the current product offering which is primarily tou-based. So we'll be adding in lepton-based platforms as well. We just added radiometric capability, which is remote temperature measurement capability, in the FLIR Vue Pro R and that will get expanded across other manufacturers as well so temperature measurements can be done.
The third issue is the back-end software processing. The end of the day, these drones get the cameras in the air and the cameras capture images. But, ultimately, what you do with those images is really where the value gets delivered. The ability to create 3D orthomosaics and have those be radiometrically calibrated are important characteristics for that market and we've been working very aggressively, both independently and with partners, to develop that capability and we'll have more to talk about that during the second half of the year.

Thanks, Noah.

Great. Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. I'd also like to take a moment to welcome the employees of Armasight and ISD to the FLIR family. They join a dedicated team of more than 3,000 employees worldwide that are committed to our mission of becoming the world's sixth sense. I look forward to reporting our progress on that vision on the call next quarter. Thank you again for joining us today.

Sure, Jim. This is Andy. The -- in the business, the largest piece of the decline was related to the Lorex consumer retail piece of the business. And there you can have some rather dramatic shifts based on retail placements. And in this case we had two SKUs in the Costco stores and we've drop down to one SKU in the Costco stores. And that's a bit of a cyclical business. And we expect in the future that there will be a strong probability of us recovering that SKU. But in this particular case we've been displaced by a lower-priced product offering. We have some new product and technology that is coming in that space which we feel that can help to regain the position that we have there. Relative to your question about what are we doing longer term, it's really about product development in that particular case. We're looking for continuing to inject features into the product suite and improving both the support and the software, backend software capabilities for those products to differentiate them from a rather commoditized space.

So I would say DVTEL from a technology standpoint is performing well. The integration of thermal camera capabilities into the Latitude VMS that Tom mentioned in his prepared comments has gone very well. We've also taken our surveillance 360 software capability, which is a mapping capability, and integrated it into the Latitude VMS suite. So we offer a very good and differentiated capability there, particularly for large outdoor perimeter security applications. That said, I would say the front end, the integration of the front end of the DVTEL business has not gone as well as we would have expected. So we have had a little bit of a delay there in terms of integrating those businesses together. We expect that to come to conclusion here this quarter. And we should see the sales growth return in that business as a result.

Sure, Ben. Surveillance has done well, and we've seen growth on the revenue side, particularly in the US-based business. From a backlog standpoint we've seen growth coming from our international customers. So in subsequent quarters I think you'll see a higher concentration of international systems shipments. In terms of a long-term outlook, there are a couple of things to consider. I would say that from an international perspective we can expect to see continued demand there, as there's continued political unrest internationally and our systems are very well received for ISR applications and border control applications.
From the US perspective there's still a question mark about what happens relative to the continuing resolution that's set to expire on December 9 of this year. So that's a bit harder for us to predict in terms of what the budget situation is going to look like. We're hopeful that Congress can seek a successful budget resolution and get that situation resolved for us and for the nation. We're also, as we've mentioned on previous calls, our business is more of a short cycle oriented business, which makes it a bit more difficult for us to forecast. But we do like what we're seeing in terms of the competitiveness of our products in the marketplace. And we do have some new products in development that will get launched in the early part of 2017 in this market that we expect will help to drive demand as well.

So we don't talk specifically about when we're going to launch products. But what I can tell you, Ben, is, is that we've got a very rich stream of thermal-based products targeted at the enterprise class that will be launching later this year and early next year.

Sure, Pete. So first, the deal does meet our M&amp;A hurdles. And we've put quite a bit of diligence into this deal. We are particularly excited about the fit, I would say both from a product standpoint and from a cultural standpoint. The machine vision space is a space that's been growing quite well, and Point Grey is involved in the machine vision. They're involved in mapping applications. They're involved in people counting applications. And each of those are growing markets, and they're markets where we believe that there will be a bidirectional transfer of technology between Point Grey and FLIR that will benefit both sides of our business.
Certainly in the injection of thermal technology, as I mentioned in the prepared comments, is something that brings a significant opportunity to Point Grey. And then we also think that there are elements of Point Grey's business, and particularly their knowledge relative to visible sensors, that will benefit our OEM business and also some of our other segments' businesses, as many of those other businesses use visible cameras within them. To your last question, we will have more details about the acquisition in subsequent calls. We are very much looking forward to getting the team onboard and integrated, and moving forward with our plans there.

Sure. It is a combination of things, Pete. One of the things that we talked about previously is that we have spent quite a bit of time focusing on the low-end product offering in the Instruments segment and creating the IGM product line. Also creating some other Lepton-based products in the lower spectrum of the Instrument's product range. Those products are catching on and doing quite well now. So we saw very strong growth in the FLIR branded test and measurement product line. Most of those products are IGM Lepton-based products. The secondly we talked about was, is that we move from the low end all the way up to the high end of our product range, and we refreshed that with the product we call the T1K. So that's in production and shipping nicely during the quarter. And we saw very good uptick there in our PPM and building business, and that was largely driven by traction that we saw with that T1K product. We've been messaging for the last few quarters that we've been working on the midrange of our product value ladder. It's a fairly long-term development and it's scheduled to launch in early 2017. And that certainly will help to drive growth in that segment.
The one other thing that we've done in that segment is we also are selling FLIR 1 through the Instruments industrial channels. And that's a separate channel relative to our retail pursuits with that product, and that's been helping to get traction as well. And the combination of both the FLIR 1 and the IGM products are, I think, very helpful in the market as they not only introduce the FLIR brand but they fundamentally create new thermographers in the market, which we hope over time would be looking to move up the value ladder with (inaudible) capability instruments that would coincide with the launch of the new midrange products.

You're welcome.

Sure. So the revenue -- organic revenue growth for the Company was a little over [2%]. And then moving over to the Lepton base question, Lepton's been doing quite well. Total growth in Lepton sensors that were shipped were up over 200%. And then we've got quite a broad range. I think we're approaching almost 20 products now internally that are using Lepton, and really quite a broad array of products externally that are using Lepton. Tom mentioned in his prepared comments that one of our OEM partners, Snap On Tools, has launched a product that is specifically focused and automotive mechanics for automotive maintenance applications. We also launched a product last quarter with Scott Fire and Safety, and that's a firefighting product where the camera is embedded in the SCBA breathing apparatus mask.
So there have been a number of applications out there that we've been serving with Lepton externally. And also we mentioned a couple on this call. We're quite excited about the products that have been launched in the traffic space. There have actually been two new products that we launched in the traffic space. One is for railcar monitoring and the other is a Lepton-based product that is designed to be used at crosswalks. So we think the opportunity set there is really quite large. And our manufacturing base for Lepton has been ramping quite rapidly. And of course we've got a high volume of units that have been shipped and are going into the Cat phone as well. So we're quite pleased with the way that business is developing.

No. The Cat phone is by far the largest user of Lepton at this point. It's quite large.

Sure, Jonathan. We don't specify the specific volumes of products that are sold. But I would tell you that the Cat phone business has been going well. The customer there that's the manufacturer of the phone has actually come back and reordered a subsequent order ahead of their initial forecast for the year. So the demands are exceeding their expectations. They're also expanding their channels for the distribution of the product. So I think, frankly, it's actually still early days to really understand what the total traction is going to be for the phone. We've also seen the introduction of that phone generate interest with other rugged handset and tablet manufacturers. So we're fairly optimistic that we should be able to see other platforms adopt the technology.

For the time being the margins are going to be lower there. They're going to be single-digit margins for some time as we develop the platform, integrate DVTEL, and ultimately inject low-cost thermal technology into those products. It's a very competitive space, but it's a very large space with a lot of opportunity. So we're going to be in an investment phase for at least the next 12 months in that business. And we expect over time, though, as the thermal products get traction and take on a larger portion of the total unit sales in that space, that the margin will move up into the double-digit range. The traction for thermal products in the security space continues to be quite good. And the margins, both gross and operating there, are quite good. It is just that the visible piece of that business is very competitive space. The total demand in China has been declining, and as a result of that it's forced many of the large Chinese suppliers to look elsewhere for business. And that comes more into the spaces that we compete in.

Good morning.

So the reduction in expenses there has really been across the board, Saliq. We're quite judicious in making those cuts. Particularly after you do and acquisition I think there are opportunities to set the business up to run more efficiently. And that's fundamentally what we've done. I would say that FLIR has a pretty long and demonstrated history of managing operating expenses through a proscribed model for a business segment. And fundamentally that's what we've done here. We have a specific model that prescribes how much money we spend on R&amp;D and selling, marketing and G&amp;A. And in this particular case we've looked at this business and what its likely revenue projections are, and brought those expenses in line with that model.
Again in terms of the long-term predictability of the business, I think we've got a pretty good track record of managing expenses to the top line of our individual segments. And we are comfortable at this point that the expenses have been right-sized in this business. And particularly looking at the product pipeline that we've got in place right now we are much more confident that we can deliver the results in the coming quarters.

Yes. We are very excited about the drone market. We talked a little bit about it during the last call as well. At the end of the day there are an awful lot of applications for thermal cameras where the application is better served if the camera is in the air. And a drone, of course, is an ideal platform to make that happen. Our partnership with DJI has been going quite well. So that's one of the vectors that we have to the market. So we're doing customized product for DJI. And the first of which of those on the market right now, is the Zenmuse XT, and that has been selling quite well. We also have our own line of products, the FLIR View and View Pro and View Pro R products, are direct products that can be connected to a wide variety of drones that are on the market. And we also have a vector into that market through our OEM channels. So there are people that are integrating both our Tau cameras and our Lepton cameras directly into those drones. And there's some that are actually under development right now that will get launched in the next quarter or two.
So overall it's a market that we are very excited about it. We think it presents quite a large opportunity. And it's one that is very, very thinly penetrated. I will remind you, though, that the concept of putting thermal cameras on drones is something that we've been involved in for quite some time. I think today unquestionably we are the world's leading supplier of uncooled cameras that are flying on drones through our partnership with AeroVironment who has been using our camera payloads for many years now, primarily in the military space. But we do see consumer and industrial applications, that's a very nice opportunity going forward.

Sure.

Yes. We're continuing to -- we constantly do portfolio analysis on the assets that we have within the business, and Lorex is one that we are looking at, at this time. That said though, this is a business that is still growing. Lorex has a good presence and a good brand in the space. And I think it's really about two things. It's about maintaining the retail channels that we have in place, and creating products that are differentiated and easy to use. There's also continues to be an opportunity for thermal in that market in that the primary application of these products is to alert people when there are activities going on in the camera field of view. And it's very difficult to do that reliably using only a visible sensor as the input source. And we know from our experiences in this business that thermal provides a much more accurate and valid data stream. And it really ties to the acquisition of Point Grey where Point Grey has a business of -- in the people counting space, primarily oriented at retail analytics, where we believe that we can utilize technology and processing capabilities that Point Grey has developed, augmented that with thermal, and create solution for specific verticals within the consumer security market that we feel will be differentiated and defensible.

I don't have it at my fingertips. I do -- did we disclosed that?

Yes, Ben. I don't think I want to go into that level of fidelity. But certainly one could assume that there significant growth at the low end when you look at the combination of the volume growth and -- relative to the revenue growth. But that said, I do want to underscore what Tom said. The strategy here in terms of creating IGM products, for example, is not only to provide thermal imaging into the hands of a much broader audience, and I would say a different type of demographic than we have historically been selling to in the plant produced and maintenance space, that we are reaching more to a technician level and putting infrared at their fingertips sort of on a daily basis instead of as a specialized tool. I firmly believe that those people are going to see the value in the technology. And some percentage of them are going to want to have higher fidelity, higher resolution, higher accuracy, better distance capability, better recording capability that will come from the midrange products. We've also been expanding the product line in terms of going after specific vertical applications like firefighting, like gas imaging, like continuous monitoring, permanently installed systems, things like that. And again, the introduction of a product using IGM shows people the power of thermal imaging. And they may choose to then pursue it with a specialized product that addresses that specific application with a much greater level of detail and accuracy.

My pleasure.

Thank you, Kevin. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us on the call today. We continue to be enthusiastic about the traction we are getting in our core markets, and are encouraged by the successes we're seeing with a wide range of new products that incorporate our Lepton micro camera core. We remain focused on broadening our footprint from our high-end surveillance and targeting systems down to our consumer-oriented instruments and situational awareness products. We look forward to addressing the growing machine vision and people counting business with the addition of Point Grey. I want to thank our employees around the world for continuing to enable our mission of becoming the world sixth sense. And we look forward to seeing you on the call next quarter. Kevin, you can now conclude the call.

Yes, Pete, I know that this has been a common question this morning and I'm actually a little older than you think. But in any case, this was really driven by two things. The major driving factor here is a personal decision.
I'm a couple years away from becoming an empty nester. I've got two kids left that are about ready to finish high school and head off to college. And for those of you that have known me, I have had a singular focus for the last 33 years.
I've been incredibly dedicated to this business and its vision for growth, and I have enjoyed every day of that, but it literally has been every single day. It's been a 24/7, 365 effort for me and that's had its effects on my personal life. And I've come to a point where I want to change that focus and I feel like the Company's in a position where it's the right time to make that change.
I feel like we've built the strongest foundation, a very capability Management Team, and I feel very good about the outlook for 2017, which is strongly bolstered by what we feel is a very strong cadence of new product introductions that are going to come this year and the combination of the businesses that we've acquired in the last 18 months. I think the set up is right and the timing is right and while it's an extremely difficult decision for me, I feel pretty good about it.

Sure. So, Pete, let my hit the first question, the organic growth. You're going to see about a third of our organic growth is going to come from organic growth and two-thirds of it from the recent acquisitions. Relative to those two recent acquisitions, the -- I feel very good about what we paid for these companies.
These are two awesome companies. Very rich technology, excellent teams, employee groups and technical teams at these companies and great opportunity for FLIR and for the injection of thermal.
If I look at Point Grey Research, what we're now calling Integrated Imaging Solutions, we've been looking at and participating in the machine vision and automation part of our business for some time now. And I think we're at a point where both the market acceptance level, the cost and capability of our sensors and the advancement of machine vision and intelligent imaging systems is ripe to bring the combination of FLIR's capability, both from a thermal standpoint and from a Company go-to-market strategy, together with a Company like Point Grey Research.
They're at an inflection point, I would say, for growth. The adoption of visible imaging into machine vision applications is going very rapidly. And then the other applications that they're involved in, in intelligent imaging to include retail analytics types of cameras, is also at an inflection point for growth.
Moving over to Prox, we have been, as a Company, all about getting sensors in the right place at the right time to provide situational awareness and decision support for our military and industrial customers. And at the end of the day, that's what Prox Dynamics is all about. They have a very unique and highly differentiated platform to get sensors in the air in an extremely covert way.
Their sensor, of course, is completely unique in terms of its size and weight and covertness. They were one of our first customers for Lepton.
They've integrated Lepton and a visible camera into a truly remarkable light-weight helicopter that can fly very long distances for significant periods of time in a very covert way and provide, really, a true game-changing capability for war fighters and law enforcement professionals out there. I'm also incredibly impressed with this team and it's a natural fit for FLIR. Our brands on top of that remarkable product, I think is really going to drive good growth.

Jim, thank you for the well wishes and I'm going to hit the top level of this and then I'm going to pass it over to Tom Surran to talk a little bit more about some of the details and what we're -- how we're going to address this. The declines we saw, both in Instruments and in OEM, and there are different reasons for each of those, I think they're both very much one-time in nature and they're both issues that we had plans to address.
Some of the issues that we saw in OEM were as a result of our inventory improvement initiatives and in the process of working the inventory in the OEM group, we had some excess and obsolete and scrap that was higher than normal and that also affected factory absorption. Also in the Instruments business, we also saw some E&amp;O scrap and absorption issues that we feel will flush through the system. Tom, why don't you just talk a little bit more about some of the things we're going to be doing there.

Jim, this is Andy again. I want to first just add one other comment to the gross margin issue relative to how this will play out over the year. We have a lot of new products that are going to get launched in the first half of the year. The good news for that is it's going to drive growth.
They're replacing older product lines that are ready for a product cycle refresh and we've built a very good base of entry-level customers, particularly in the instruments business, with low cost Lepton products, some percentage of those are going to look for higher capability and we're going to fulfill that need with new products. That said, early production on new products, you tend to have a little bit lower gross margin as you power up the learning curve and the production of new products.
So as a result of that, we'll see that gross margin improvement ramp throughout the year. To your question about backlog, how are we feeling about the government business? I'll say something that I say on everything call is, is that it is a bit unpredictable. We don't have a super clear crystal ball on this business.
But the other thing I've said on many other calls is that we're extremely well positioned. Our CDMQ model, our vertical integration, the competitive nature of the products that we have out there today, position us really well for a change in demand in that business. If I look at the gross -- if I look at the backlog decline that we saw in Q4, it's all related to our government-oriented business and a little bit in Maritime, which is typical for Q4.
But the majority of that is in Surveillance and in Detection and those are cyclical businesses. They're just lumpy businesses. The Detection business, we've mentioned that we're expecting a large order in the DR-SKO program.
Candidly, we were expecting that in Q4. It looks like it's going to happen this quarter. We're pretty confident about that. And then, also in Surveillance it's just a bit of a lumpy business.
We saw a little bit more softness in the Middle East in the second of half of 2016. We do see cyclicality in that business tied to oil prices and I think that's what we saw.
The demand level there continues to be very high. And I think for obvious reasons, in terms of what's going on in the region and I think with the recent increases in oil prices we should see that snap back to performance and we'll see the backlog come back up as a result.

Hi, Mike. Thanks for the well wishes. The -- you were breaking up a little bit, but I think you were asking about acquisitions related to change in the backlog.
It was a little over $15 million, most of that going into OEM. The backlog coming in from Prox was pretty low. Low single-digit millions.

So I didn't catch enough of that one to be able to answer it. It sounded like there was a question about the organic growth but you were really breaking up a lot.

There are two things that I would think about here. Number one is there is an FX headwind. So we have in our planning about 1.5% of FX headwind on the organic growth side.
So that's factored in. If you add that to the growth number, I think it brings it up. So as a result of that, we're still above GDP growth and I would say it's growth above what most industrial tech companies are doing. And we're fairly conservative on what we're thinking about the Government business, as I mentioned in the prepared comments.
So it's yet to see, with the budget uncertainty and the change of administration, how that's going to play out. My thinking is it's biased to the upside but we'll have to see how it plays out.

Thanks, Jeff.

Sure, Jeff. Without question, the biggest driver to that is acquisitions. So that's the majority of the change in spending there, because we're picking up the incremental R&amp;D spend from four acquisitions that we made during the year. The other piece of that, though, is we've got a lot of new products coming in the first half of the year and typically as you get to the finish line with new products, the spending goes up.
And we've seen that in Security. We saw it in Instruments as well and a little bit in OEM. So we'll -- and actually probably a piece of it in Maritime as well.
So I think you'll be pleased with what you see that comes from that additional spending. We've got a lot coming on the new product front which I'm pretty optimistic about.

Sure. So the timing on it, we expect to see something this quarter. As I mentioned, it actually slipped out of Q4.
We were expecting it in Q4 but due to some budget delays it's very likely that will move into this quarter. And the size of the order would likely be in the same zip code that we've had orders in the past, which is in the $50 million-ish range.

Well, overall we expect total cash flow for 2017 to be higher than 2016 but not to the same level that you saw from 2015 to 2016 most likely. And the reason for that is that we'll probably have higher capital spending in 2017 than we had in 2016. It was kind of a light year for us.
That said, the current investments that we're planning to make are included in that thinking. Our R&amp;D spending for 2017 as a percent of revenue will be roughly consistent with what you saw in 2016. We don't expect big changes there.

Thanks, Jeff.

Good morning.

There are no programs of record that have been defined yet today. There are some thoughts of programs that are yet to come and we're involved in those evaluations and we expect to see some more formal competitions and procurement processes that will come out of that. The Prox has done quite well with those product -- those entities to date and has also done well with several foreign entities.
I think it's a total of 30 different foreign MODs and MOIs that are using the product today. So we feel like we're really well positioned and, given the product's uniqueness, there really is no competition -- direct competition for that product. I think the real game changer, relative to Prox's future, is the overlay of the FLIR brand, credibility and sales organization that comes from our Organization, I think is really going to give that product a shot in the arm in terms of its credibility into the markets.

The comment on the inflection point is really related to the utilization of thermal imaging technology in machine vision applications. We've had an automation segment for over a decade and it's been growing steadily. The issue, though, is we're not a machine vision and automation company today.
We will be now that we have Point Grey Research as part of the team. There are unique characteristics to cameras that are used in that space, unique interfaces, unique timing of the signals and packaging even, and the Point Grey team knows this extremely well. We can bring that knowledge of the marketplace, the customer applications, the required interfaces and functionality of the products and combine that with the expertise and manufacturing cost efficiencies that we have in the thermal space.
If you think about machine vision applications, thermal imaging brings some very interesting capabilities that can't be done with visible imagers. The obvious one of being able to see in total darkness. But on a less obvious level, things like being able to see through factory obscurants, steam, smoke, dust. There are many situations where those things inhibit the use of visible cameras.
And then of course, we have the ability to accurately measure temperature remotely, to look at thermal patterns of products and there are a lot of applications where knowing the actual temperature or being able to determine the uniformity of the temperature or look for specific thermal patterns associated with sealing or welding or other processes, machining processes, is important to maintaining product quality and those are the kinds of application that's we're going to go after.
We've been doing that for a while in our own automation segment and we feel now is -- the time is right to inject that technology into a more capable organization that can take it to the next level.

Too early. We haven't seen anything formal yet. I feel pretty good about it, irrespective of how it ultimately gets executed, whether it's a physical wall or the use of technology. The reality is that the border patrol mission revolves around situational awareness.
And that's what we do. So whether it be ground-based systems, pole-mounted systems, vehicle-mounted systems, systems on UAVs or systems on manned aircraft or systems on marine vessels, we do it all. Border patrol likes us. We've got a very good reputation and track record with CBP.
And I think no matter what ends up going on, if there's more money being spent on the border, it's reasonable to think that thermal imaging and FLIR will be a part of that. We're also ramping up our business relative to our radar capabilities and have developed some really good quality ground-based radar that I think also could be considered as an augment to whatever final decision is taken for border security.

You're welcome.

Hi, Noah.

Thanks. Appreciate it.

I don't have the rank order in front of me. But if I think about what are expectations for the business going forward, we expect the OEM and Emerging segments to continue to do well. It's core business.
The launch of Boson, traction that we're getting from Lepton is all positive. The emerging pieces of that business, FLIR One, the traffic business, those have both -- we expect to continue to do well with new product launches. And also of course the addition of Integrated Imaging Solutions, the Point Grey Research business, as I mentioned in the previous comments, I think are all going to drive good growth in that business.
We've been pretty conservative about our expectations relative to Surveillance. I'd say that one's kind of a wild card for us. I do expect good things to come from Prox but we'll look at how that ultimately plays out.
Detection and Maritime, those are both businesses we expect to grow next year as well. We've got a strong cadence of new products that are coming in the Maritime segment. We've got the Miami Boat Show that kicks off this week and we'll have some product announcements later in the week, talking about what we're doing there.
But I'm pretty excited about the opportunities that, that brings. And we're being pretty conservative about Instruments right now.
We do have a strong cadence of new products that are going to be coming, as we've alluded to in previous calls and again here today. But that's a business that's had both currency headwinds and headwinds based on ASP declines so we're being pretty conservative in our thinking on that business right now.

Yes, but it's low.

From a booking standpoint, Noah, actually the US and Europe were up in Q4. Middle East was down and it was down pretty strongly and that is a business that is pretty lumpy, as we've discussed in the past. And I think it's a business that would likely -- will likely rebound again.
Actually, I take that back. I'm looking at the data now. US was down, Americas Other was up, Europe was up slightly, Middle East and Africa and APAC were down in Q4.
I don't read too deeply into those things, though, because it just is a lumpy business. The one point that I made earlier about the Middle East and Africa having some tie to oil prices, we expect that we would see a return there.
If I look at the world in total for the full year, the US was down high single digit. The rest -- every single other region that we look at, Americas Other, Europe, Middle East and Africa and APAC were all up for the year and total bookings for the year were up slightly, 2016 versus 2015. I think we're going to see stronger sales in the US in 2017.
We're starting to see some early evidence of that. But I think it's going to be skewed toward the second half of the year as the administration refines its plans for refit of product and for how technology's going to get deployed on the border.

That's correct.

Yes, and if we sort of look at the pieces of our business, the things that went down, our Integrated Systems business was down and those were mostly deliveries into the US and our Maritime business was down. This is bookings, again, in the US. And that's just timing of programs.
Last year we had a big -- in 2015 we had a big program, the PB-EOS program, for the US Navy Special Operations, came through and Coast Guard programs. And I think it just shifts by customer. So I am a little bit surprised.
I would have thought that the US would have been stronger in 2016 but I'm not concerned about it. I'm confident that we're set up pretty well in 2017. You got to keep in mind that our business is short cycle in nature.
We're not -- those other companies that you're seeing growth come from are program of record business-base, is my guess. And our program of record-based business or business that is driven by program of record, manifests itself more so in our OEM business and that business was up significantly. And it's part of -- our total US Government business was up strongly year-over-year.

Have Amit cover that one.

Thanks, Noah.

So, Jeff, the retail space, it certainly continues to be a very competitive space and I expect that's going to continue. Our strategy in dealing with that has two major prongs to it. Number one is differentiate products and we've got some new products that we'll be launching in the retail space that are differentiated from our historical bundled, wired and wireless products that we've sold under the Lorex brand.
The second thing is an increased focus on the higher margin parts of that business and that's the former DVTel business, our video management system-based business and enterprise-class camera business and also the thermal camera business. We've got several product introductions that's are teed up for the thermal camera space that I think will further extend our leadership there as the adoption rate of thermal in security, particularly enterprise-based applications, increases.

Great. Thank you all for joining the call today. And as mentioned in my previous comments, I'm confident that FLIR is well positioned for continued growth with a strong Management Team, market-leading products and a dedicated employee base.
Our plan for 2017 is bolstered by an aggressive new product introduction plan and thoughtful integration of the recently acquired businesses. With today's announcement, I remain as committed as ever to our execution plan and a smooth transition to FLIR's next leader.
As always, I want to thank the global FLIR employee base for the continued dedication and execution, the outpouring of support this morning has been truly humbling. I look forward to speaking with you all again next quarter. Thank you.

That will be part of it, Jim. We did have that one $6 million order that was delayed. That order has now been received and is queued for delivery. We had, had the equipment actually produced and sitting on the shelf, ready to go. So that's part of what will be an uptick in Q2. We also have some international revenue that was delayed due to either customer issues or licensing issues, so we feel that some of that revenue will flow through as well. And we're also expecting stronger bookings in Q2. Q2 -- or Q1, the bookings were a little bit lower than we had expected. The $6 million order was part of that, but there were others as well. The Middle East was kind of slow in Q1, and we expect that to return to growth in Q2.

Sure, Jim. I'm going to hit the organic piece first, then I'll come back to Point Grey. But on the organic side, I think that there are 3 drivers in the OEM business that have been driving the organic growth. So one of those is the launch of Boson, so we're starting to get traction with that product. The second is continued traction coming from Lepton. So Lepton is doing well, and obviously, we talked about the 1-million-unit milestone there. And the third one is continued strength in the defense side of that business, with Northrop Grumman being one of the larger customers there. The -- both bookings and revenue have been quite strong, and we expect that to continue through the rest of the year. Moving over to the inorganic side in the OEM. Point Grey or integrated imaging systems, IIS as we call them, had an excellent quarter, very strong bookings and backlog build, significantly ahead of our investment case. And we think that, that will continue in Q2. So demand has been strong there. The team's been executing really well, very good integration as well. So we're feeling good about that business, and demand has been strong.

So there are 2 primary markets that have been strong in IIS. One is the machine vision market, so there, they're selling cameras that are doing inspection of new product developments. We can't talk specifically about customers there, but there's just been very high demand related to some new product developments that are coming in the market in the consumer space. And the second area is in the people-counting business. So there, we have stereo vision cameras that are utilized in primarily retail environments for counting customers as they enter and exit the store, and we've seen a pretty strong uptick in orders there as well.

Yes, Jonathan, it's always difficult to predict what the impact of a CR is. In the past, those have had mixed effects on our results. Much of the products that we supply into the U.S., though, are supplied under an urgent needs basis. And as we've spoken in the past, we don't have a high level of program-of-record business in our backlog. But that said, it is a little bit difficult to predict. I would say that on the demand side, we've seen a fairly high level of activity in the RFI, RFQ space in the last 90 days. And I think the general theme of the rebuild of the U.S. Military and retrofit of older equipment is a positive sign for our sector in general. But at this point, I think it's a little bit difficult to predict. I'm feeling pretty good about how I see it vectoring. Our U.S. business was up. Our DoD business bookings were up slightly in Q1 from a Surveillance standpoint. Overall, they were up significantly, but that was largely bolstered by the DR-SKO order in Detection.

The initial reception to the new products has been quite good, and the primary areas that saw new product launches during the quarter were in Instruments and in Maritime. And in both of those cases, we built backlog rather significantly. It was about a $4 million backlog build in each of those 2 segments, and the majority of the backlog build in both of those cases was related to the new products that were launched but we weren't able to ship. As we ramp up production in those products, that'll flush through in the current quarter. The overall reaction to the products has been quite good. In the Instruments space, the Exx products, the new products in the Science business, will help to drive a refresh cycle. The Exx product was initially launched in 2011, and we have a very large installed base. It was a very high-selling product stand -- for us from a volume standpoint. And as a result, I expect to see a product refresh cycle, given the age of many of those cameras that are out there and the feature set that is offered by the new products. And similarly, in the Maritime space, the lower-priced thermal cameras that we've launched, I think, can really flex the price elasticity that's in that market. Getting down to a cost that is close to the cost of a radar is something that we've had as a vision for that business for a long time. And the new Axiom product line is very powerful, has very innovative features and is really the first major platform change that we've had in that business since the launch of the [ATOM] product a year after we acquired the business in 2010.

There were 2 things, Pete. The majority of the revenue shortfall was actually in Surveillance, and in that case, it was a combination of timing of orders and issues related to orders in backlog that prevented us from shipping them in the current quarter, many of which we expect to get resolved in the current quarter. The second issue was the aforementioned point that I was mentioning to Jonathan about the backlog build related to the new products that were launched fairly late in the quarter in Instruments and Maritime.

It's not a timing issue, actually. That business has had steady growth. There was not a backlog build in that business, so it's a -- just strong orders across the board in those 3 categories that I mentioned. LITENING, of course, is part of our military-oriented cores and components, but we saw strong demand in Lepton, we saw strong demand in Boson. And then of course, as we've mentioned earlier, the IIS segment, the former Point Grey business, had very strong demand. There was a backlog build in that particular area, and the industry, in general, had strong demand in both machine vision and people counting.

It'll be a double digit -- well, now looking at it from an organic standpoint, I think it will be high single digits for OEM. But the inorganic growth in OEM coming from IIS will drive overall revenue growth well into double digits.

Well, it's hard to predict, but I can tell you 2 things. Obviously, that we're seeing some political rhetoric suggesting that there might be a little bit more of an emphasis on technology versus physical walls. If that does happen, and again, I think it's hard to predict right now, but if that does happen, we're well positioned. We have a very strong position on the border. As a technology provider, we've been very successful for decades, providing very useful technology, both in thermal imaging and, on an increasing level, in radar. And the platforms that we have out there today, whether it be handheld, UAS, airborne, vehicle-mounted or pole-mounted, we've got systems across every one of those platforms and they're very well liked and well respected by CBP and Border Patrol. Pete, I just want to go back on one other thing on OEM organic. The other program that's been doing well from a Northrop Grumman standpoint are the, what's referred to as the LAIRCM. These are the antimissile defense systems that are mounted on aircraft. So that's a program that's been doing pretty well.

Sure, Les. On the Surveillance side, it is largely product mix. That's a business that margins can move around, depending on the mix of sales between airborne, maritime, land-based units. So that drove the margins down a little bit in that business. Generally, though, we've been seeing the mix in the backlog improve. In Security, margins were up overall, and largely, that was coming from better margins in our e-commerce business. And we have better margins associated with the thermal products and the software products that are coming from the former DVTEL. In that business, the traditional retail margins are the weakest in that space, and we had growth in those other areas and declines in the retail space, which drove, I think, it's around 530 basis points of total operating margin improvement in the Security space year-over-year.

Yes, margins will improve sequentially in both of those businesses as the year progresses.

There is a normal ramp-up that's associated with the production of new products that are introduced in the quarter. All of the products that had been launched in Q1 are in production at this point and shipping, so I don't anticipate any problems.

Sure, Jeff. So your point is correct. We've been investing over the course of the last couple of years in these new product platforms. And many of these platforms run on about a 2-year cycle, and we foreshadowed this in previous calls that we were expecting those cycles to come to fruition in the early part of 2017. And we've seen some of those product launches already. There are still some that are yet to come. The new products that we have launched support company-wide gross margin targets. And in many cases, the margin profile of those products are better than the gross margins of the products that they are replacing. The fact that we had 3 segments launch new products all in the same quarter is largely related to timing events that are in our industry. Many times, we try to align product launches with major trade shows in the industry, but we have other new products that are yet to launch in Q2 and in H2 of the year. So to answer your ultimate question as to how this is going to affect margins overall, we expect margins improve sequentially as the year progresses, and that's a function of the new product launches and the other efficiencies that we've been driving in the business. Some of those manifested themselves in Q1.

Yes, I don't really want to talk about which specific segments will have new products that are coming, but we've got a fair bit yet to go for 2017 on the new product front.

Yes, Jeff, there's a couple of things there. One of the things is that the new products that we have announced and we'll continue to announce are going to hit on 3 major themes: integrated products, differentiated products and intelligent products. So those will help to set these products apart from the commoditized, low-end retail business that you started your question with. The other 2 areas that we're going to focus on are enterprise and perimeter security. And the reason for that is not only do they benefit from those 3 aforementioned points, but they're also areas that pull on strengths that we have at FLIR. Thermal imaging and radar, for example, are both technologies that are highly beneficial for perimeter applications. Enterprise locations, in general, have both perimeter and interior applications that exist, and we see the perimeter side of that equation presenting an opportunity for FLIR that we can take advantage of, utilizing the core technologies that we have at the company. So you'll see more to come there in terms of technology and product launches. But I feel confident that we'll be well positioned to enter those spaces and be able to drive higher margins from those segments than we have historically from the retail segment of the business. It's a...

Well, if you look at pipeline, it starts with demand, and we believe that the demand exists for these kinds of applications. The next step down of the pipeline is what distribution looks like, and distribution is largely established through our existing businesses in that space. And then the next phase is really product execution, and that's the part that is under development, in some cases. Some products have already been launched, but we have more to come later in the year that will hit these themes that I've spoken about earlier.

Yes, thanks, Pete. It's a good question to ask here because the commoditized, undifferentiated part of retail is something that is not a focus for us. We want to move to a space that pulls on those themes of integration, differentiation and intelligent-enabled products. And there will be a retail component to that, but it's going to be at the higher end of the retail market and more into the small and medium business integrated portion of the market. I think it'll take some time to create that evolution, but generally, that's where we want to vector of the business. And that will be a higher-margin business and a less commoditized business that will pull on the strengths that we have inherent in the technology base that we have at FLIR.

Yes, I think that that's -- it will take some time because some of the strategy relies on products that we have not yet launched, and those products are going to be required to drive organic growth back into that business in a meaningful way.

Thanks, Asher. Those are all great questions. We're really happy with the traction that Lepton is getting. We have set a personal goal for hitting the 1-million-unit mark for the Lepton, and I'm very pleased that we have hit that now. And having launched more than 20 products under the FLIR brand with Lepton, those products are all doing very well. Our total unit volumes nearly doubled year-over-year this quarter for thermal products. So we're getting very good traction with those products, and I like the fact that every one of those sales creates a new thermographer out there, and that's a person that has the potential to move up the product line into a product like the Exx that we just launched late in Q1. Relative to the CAT phone, the CAT phone continues to do very well. We're in an undersupply situation, so we're still supply constrained on CAT phones. We could actually sell more of those if we could supply more Leptons into that, and that's really a yield issue. And we made very good progress on yield improvements during the quarter, and I expect that to continue into the first half of the year. So I'm pleased with the way the CAT phone has been doing, and there are several other manufacturers of similar products in the market that have been looking at and experimenting with the integration of Lepton into other mobile platforms. So we will see more products on that front in the coming months and throughout the year.

Thanks, Adam. Overall, we're pleased with the results from the quarter. We saw good revenue growth, good growth in our backlog and launched several great new products with more to follow. I'm particularly pleased with the gross margin improvement we saw and the smoothness and efficacy in the integration of our recent acquisitions. I want to thank the nearly 3,500 FLIR employees for executing on our strategic initiatives in Q1 and for continuing to support me and the rest of the executive team as we prepare for a leadership transition. Thank you all for joining us on the call today.