Yes. So Drew, we won't -- we're not going to break out the exact amount. It was largely within our Government &amp; Defense business is where that occurred.

So it is across all 3 of the business units. Because if you look at the growth the 3 business units delivered in the last half of 2017, that's when we really started to see the ramp-up and the acceleration of that organic growth. And we'll start to lap that. And so that makes the comps a little tougher as we move into the second half of the year.

So we -- and everything you referenced is obviously something we're working on. It all falls under The FLIR Method initiatives. We're in very early stages for that. But we have high confidence that we will continue FLIR's record of operating cash conversion and being well over 100%. The first quarter was impacted largely by timing on tax payments. But very confident that we'll continue to deliver as FLIR always has in the past from a cash flow conversion standpoint.

No. Not compared -- consistent with what we have -- we communicated previously, the 24.5% -- I'm sorry, 21.5%.

No, Jim, agree 100%. Noah, I will note that as you start a focus on working capital, you usually will identify a few areas of some low-hanging fruit and especially on our receivables as we focus on some past due balances. Again, as we've discussed before, not because there was risk from a bad debt exposure, but just the discipline around it. The teams did a good job at going after some of those past dues and reducing the percentage there. So we benefited, in addition to the strong profitability for the quarter, getting the benefits of some of that low-hanging fruit. And going forward, we know the challenges get tougher, especially as we focus on improvements in our inventory turns.

So the total revenue for the divested Security businesses was approximately $140 million in 2017. And there's only -- there's about $9 million that made up Q1 of 2018. And we divested of the business in early February 2018.

Well, Drew, as we've stated before, we'll continue to be opportunistic as it relates to the share buyback. The primary focus is definitely around the M&amp;A. We continue to have a pretty robust pipeline and are always looking at different opportunities and studying them. And so that's where the focus will be. The other thing to note that a meaningful portion of that cash actually sits outside of the U.S. And we always want to be -- make sure we're very efficient in how we repatriate those dollars, make sure they're also left in regions where we believe we have M&amp;A opportunity.

Okay. So -- and Jim is going to have more color on this. I'll give you a few numbers as a reference point, and then he can add more color from a business perspective. But just as a reminder, we can't lose sight of the fact that for the Security businesses that were divested, I referenced earlier to Noah's question the $140 million for the full year 2017. But it's important to note that 65% approximately of that business' generated revenues actually fell in the second half of 2017. So that presents somewhat of a headwind. We talked about the fact that our Maritime business is -- it does have more seasonality than the other businesses and the second quarter and the first half, it is much stronger than in the second half of the year. Also, the DR-SKO, while the numbers for the full year '17 compared to '18 should be very comparable, there is a shift in terms of how it's earned throughout the year, with the second half of 2018 falling below what was delivered in 2017. So those are some big impacts from a pure numbers standpoint. And Jim, if you had other color you'd like to add about just the business outlook in total.

So thank you, Louie. And we're not really planning on that amount to trend higher. As we've talked about, the $180 million that's been invested in total from an R&amp;D engineering perspective, if you look historically and the fact that prior to this year, we were generating around 2% growth in most years, we don't consider that a good return on investment for the dollars that have been spent. So it's really more about how those dollars are going to be allocated as we go forward to make sure we can move faster on the opportunities that will generate the highest return as well as continuing to support and maintain the strong technologies and solutions that have us at the point where FLIR is today as a very strong market leader in all the markets that we serve and support.

Yes, I think...

Yes, it was $18 million for the quarter. $18 million, yes, so -- and then 0 in the quarter for that specific program.

$18 million.

0.

So DR-SKO for Q3 '17 and Q3 '18 are approximately flat at $14 million to $15 million, between the 2, year-over-year.

So they -- it's less for 2018 for the DR-SKO. It's about half and it was about $20 million Q4 2017.

And I'll add to that just to kind of call out everything that we highlighted in the prepared remarks around the benefits that we're getting for The FLIR Method. And that impacts not only our gross profits and gross margins but also operating income, operating margins. But we also had a timing benefit relative to our general and administrative expenses, just the timing of certain accruals and -- that you'll see a little bit more heavily weighted expense for corporate expense in the Q4 2018, so it's just timing. And our total corporate expenses are still running that $70 million to $75 million kind of flat year-on-year.

So there are -- within pensions and other liabilities is part of that. So that includes amounts relative to the consent agreement, penalty and then just changes relative to a combination of the pension and just other certain liabilities, but the consent agreement is probably the biggest piece of it.

So the total working capital number, the improvement for that, the net working capital we've been down for 3 quarters in a row now and we're down 8% on a year-over-year basis, and that's primarily driven by accounts receivable and accounts payable improvements.

Yes. So we're not breaking out other than providing the dilution associated with EPS for the acquisitions in total. A portion of that dilution is attributable to additional interest expense that we'll have for the year because of the borrowings that we'll utilize to fund a portion of the Endeavor Robotics transaction. Overall, Jim commented about the need for investing in our long-term strategies, and we're leveraging The FLIR Method as well as the top line growth to be able to maintain at that 22% to 23% and make sure we deliver on our long-term strategic plan commitment we've shared in May, which was a target of approximately 23% operating margin. And it's not just about the reinvestment, but if you think about just standard inflationary-type increases around compensation, benefit, the fact that we're absorbing that, also absorbing some of the investment needed in the businesses to address the consent agreement and other things to move towards a world-class operation, we're actually very happy that we're able to fund these investments and maintain our margins in 2019 at what was a 2021 operating margin target of 23%.

And David, since you mentioned the MTRS, and we had 3 questions initially about the valuation around Endeavor Robotics and what was different in terms of what the PE firm paid versus FLIR's assessment of the value, the MTRS is specifically a new program that has been awarded. The team at Endeavor Robotics has really focused on winning the programs of record in a very strategic way, and they've been really successful. That program is very meaningful. We referenced it in our press release about the acquisition. Also, the Department of Defense has been very vocal about shifting their funding towards UGVs significantly over the last couple of years. Jim noted that in his response that -- just wanted to really emphasize that. We see the opportunity as much greater, that the business has created value in the last couple of years, including introducing 2 new robots. And that's very differentiated.

So we have ongoing initiatives and focus around The FLIR Method. And just as a reminder, and Jim noted this in his comments, it's beyond just lean and continuous improvement. There are multiple elements of The FLIR Method, and we're leveraging most all of them across all 3 of the business units as well as looking at some of our back-office processes that sit across the entire company. So we're ramping up on that. We realized actual results we could see in the P&amp;L in 2018, and they are modeled in our guidance for 2019. Of course, we've highlighted that we want to take a large portion of those and invest them back into the business to support our long-term strategic goals for the company. So we do think, at a future date, we will be able to see some margin expansion. But at this time, we're still staying with the 23% targeted operating margin over our strategic planning horizon, which runs through 2021.